October 6, 2023
Save Foods, Inc. (SVFD) performed a 1 for 7 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SVFD for every 7 shares of SVFD previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

VivoPower International PLC (VVPR) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VVPR for every 10 shares of VVPR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Kaleyra, Inc. (KLR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.2500 per share in cash.

ACORN ENERGY INC (ACFND) performed a ticker change to ACFN.

Odonate, Inc. (ODTCD) performed a ticker change to ODTC.

NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS INC (NAVB) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

FAST Acquisition Corp. II (FZT) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

October 5, 2023
Aethlon Medical, Inc. (AEMD) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AEMD for every 10 shares of AEMD previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

China SXT Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SXTC) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SXTC for every 25 shares of SXTC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Triton International Limited (TRTN) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $54.6110 and 0.7585 shares of BIPC for each share of TRTN previously held.

Capstone Green Energy Corporation (CGRN) performed a ticker change to CGRNQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

HISTOGEN INC (HSTO) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

VIQ Solutions Inc. (VQS) performed a ticker change to VQSSF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Kaleyra, Inc. (KLR) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

LUCIRA HEALTH INC COM (LHDXQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

October 4, 2023
Lithium Americas Corp (LAC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 post-split share of LAAC for each old share of LAC previously held. Lithium Americas Corp (LAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Novartis AG (NVS) performed a spinoff of SGA. For every 1 share of NVS held, shareholders will receive 0.2000 shares of SGA.

SmileDirectClub, Inc. (SDC) performed a ticker change to SDCCQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

SURGALIGN HLDGS INC (SRGAQ) was declared worthless.

Novartis AG (NVS) performed a spinoff of SDZNY. For every 1 share of NVS held, shareholders will receive 0.2 shares of SDZNY.

October 3, 2023
Denso Corp Ltd (DNZOY) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of DNZOY for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

IRSA Inversiones y Representaciones S.A. (IRS) performed a 8340 for 9187 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 8340 shares of IRS for every 9187 shares of IRS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Murata Manufacturing Co Ltd Unsponsored ADR (MRAAY) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of MRAAY for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Vacasa, Inc. (VCSA) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VCSA for every 20 shares of VCSA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Atlas Energy Solutions Inc. (AESI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI US Equity Dividend Select ETF (RNDV) performed a ticker change to KNGZ, and changed its corporate name to First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust S&P 500 Diversified Dividend Aristocrats ETF.

PhenomeX Inc. (CELL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.0000 per share in cash.

LF Capital Acquisition Corp. II (LFAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.8235 per share in cash.

Denbury Inc New Warrant (DNRRW) expired worthless.

Longeveron Inc. Subscription Right (LGVNR) expired worthless.

ATHENEX INC COM NEW (ATNXQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Innovator Double Stacker 9 Buffer ETF - October (DBOC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Innovator Double Stacker ETF - October (DSOC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

PLX PHARMA INC COM (PLXPQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SURGALIGN HLDGS INC (SRGAQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Innovator Triple Stacker ETF - October (TSOC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

October 2, 2023
a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. (AKA) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AKA for every 12 shares of AKA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

ARMOUR Residential REIT, Inc. (ARR) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ARR for every 5 shares of ARR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

EBET, INC. (EBET) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EBET for every 30 shares of EBET previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

The9 Limited American Depository Shares (NCTY) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NCTY for every 10 shares of NCTY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Skillsoft Corp. (SKIL) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SKIL for every 20 shares of SKIL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Minerva Surgical, Inc. (UTRS) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of UTRS for every 20 shares of UTRS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

AEGON LTD (AEG) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Anzu Special Acquisition Corp I (ANZU) performed a ticker change to COCH, changed its corporate name to Envoy Medical, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Graf Acquisition Corp. IV (GFOR) performed a ticker change to NKGN, changed its corporate name to NKGen Biotech, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Mercato Partners Acquisition Corporation (MPRA) performed a ticker change to NVNI, changed its corporate name to Nvni Group Limited, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Soundwatch Hedged Equity ETF (SHDG) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

TradeUP Acquisition Corp. (UPTD) performed a ticker change to ESLA, changed its corporate name to Estrella Immunopharma, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

INFINITY PHARMACEUTICALS INC (INFI) performed a ticker change to INFIQ.

ARAMARK (ARMK) performed a spinoff of VSTS. For every 1 share of ARMK held, shareholders will receive 0.5000 shares of VSTS.

Danaher Corporation (DHR) performed a spinoff of VLTO. For every 1 share of DHR held, shareholders will receive 0.3333 shares of VLTO.

Kellogg Company (K) performed a spinoff of KLG. For every 1 share of K held, shareholders will receive 0.2500 shares of KLG.

TRICIDA INC COM (TCDAQ) was declared worthless.

BED BATH & BEYOND INC (BBBYQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

September 29, 2023
Curis, Inc. (CRIS) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CRIS for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation (FATH) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FATH for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

TOP Ships, Inc. (TOPS) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TOPS for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

BTC Digital Ltd. (METX) performed a ticker change to ticker change to BTCT.

MCLOUD TECHNOLOGIES CORP (MCLD) performed a ticker change to MCLDF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Syneos Health, Inc. (SYNH) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $43.0000 per share in cash.

VanEck China Growth Leaders ETF (GLCN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.2444 per share in cash.

Liminal BioSciences Inc. (LMNL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.5000 per share in cash.

AdvisorShares Newfleet Multi-Sector Income ETF (MINC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $44.7178 per share in cash.

September 28, 2023
SciSparc Ltd. (SPRC) performed a 1 for 26 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SPRC for every 26 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if the fraction is over 0.5 and rounded down if less than 0.5.

Synlogic, Inc. (SYBX) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SYBX for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

XWELL, Inc. (XWEL) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XWEL for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Safe & Green Holdings Corp. (SGBX) performed a spinoff of SGD. For every 1 share of SGBX held, shareholders will receive 0.1862 shares of SGD.

SilverSPAC Inc. (SLVR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4813 per share in cash.

Triton International Limited (TRTN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

September 27, 2023
Rubicon Technologies, Inc. (RBT) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RBT for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Decibel Therapeutics, Inc. (DBTX) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $4.0000 and 1 share of DBTX^ for each share of DBTX previously held.

Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RETA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $172.5000 per share in cash.

Tata Motors Limited (TTM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.0880 per share in cash.

Iconic Sports Acquisition Corp. (ICNC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Liminal BioSciences Inc. (LMNL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

September 26, 2023
Flotek Industries, Inc. (FTK) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FTK for every 6 shares of FTK previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Vaccinex, Inc. (VCNX) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VCNX for every 15 shares of VCNX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $25.0000 and 0.6670 shares of OKE for each share of MMP previously held.

Prosus NV Sponsored ADR (PROSY) distributed a stock dividend of 1.1796 per share. Shareholders received 1.1796 additional shares for every share previously held.

The Growth for Good Acquisition Corporation (GFGD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.5521 per share in cash.

Digital Media Solutions, Inc. (DMS) performed a ticker change to DMSL. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

SUNLIGHT FINL HLDGS INC (SUNL) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

26 Capital Acquisition Corp. (ADER) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Decibel Therapeutics, Inc. (DBTX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

September 25, 2023
Connexa Sports Technologies Inc. (CNXA) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CNXA for every 40 shares of CNXA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

E-Home Household Service Holdings Limited (EJH) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EJH for every 10 shares of EJH previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Farmmi, Inc. (FAMI) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FAMI for every 8 shares of FAMI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Neoleukin Therapeutics, Inc. (NLTX) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NLTX for every 5 shares of NLTX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Gaucho Group Holdings, Inc. (VINO) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VINO for every 10 shares of VINO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

AngloGold Ashanti PLC (AU) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

CRH PLC (CRH) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp. (MURF) performed a ticker change to CDT, changed its corporate name to Conduit Pharmaceuticals Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Yunhong CTI Ltd. (CTIB) performed a ticker change to YHGJ, and changed its corporate name to Yunhong Green CTI Ltd.

Hillstream BioPharma, Inc. (HILS) performed a ticker change to THAR.

Bird Global, Inc. (BRDS) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

AdvisorShares Newfleet Multi-Sector Income ETF (MINC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

September 22, 2023
Cepton, Inc. (CPTN) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CPTN for every 10 shares of CPTN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Powerbridge Technologies Co. (PBTS) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PBTS for every 8 shares of PBTS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Precipio, Inc. (PRPO) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PRPO for every 20 shares of PRPO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Sigma Additive Solutions, Inc. (SASI) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SASI for every 20 shares of SASI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (PRTK) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $2.1500 and 1.0000 share of PRTK^ for each share of PRTK previously held.

Radius Global Infrastructure, Inc. (RADI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.0000 per share in cash.

Altimar Acquisition Corp. III (ATAQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4179 per share in cash.

INDUSTRIAS BACHOCO ADR (IBAAY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $59.1375 per share in cash.

PARTNER COMMUNICATIONS CO LTD ADR (PTNRY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

September 21, 2023
PolyPid Ltd. (PYPD) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PYPD for every 30 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if the fraction is over 0.51 and rounded down if less than 0.51.

Sonder Holdings Inc. (SOND) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SOND for every 20 shares of SOND previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Digital Transformation Opportunities Corp. (DTOC) performed a ticker change to AONC, changed its corporate name to American Oncology Network, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

M3-Brigade Acquisition III Corp. (MBSC) performed a ticker change to GFR, changed its corporate name to Greenfire Resources Ltd, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Vahanna Tech Edge Acquisition I Corp. (VHNA) performed a ticker change to RDZN, changed its corporate name to Roadzen, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

JPMorgan ActiveBuilders U.S. Large Cap Equity ETF (JUSA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $51.1338 per share in cash.

Long Cramer Tracker ETF (LJIM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.3518 per share in cash.

VanEck China Growth Leaders ETF (GLCN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending

Longeveron Inc. Subscription Right (LGVNR) expired worthless.

September 20, 2023
Habytat, Inc. (DATS) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DATS for every 10 shares of DATS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

LIZHI INC. (LIZI) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LIZI for every 10 shares of LIZI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Novo-Nordisk A/S (NVO) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of NVO for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

WEJO GROUP LTD COM (WEJOQ) performed a ticker change to WEJOF.

UTA Acquisition Corporation (UTAA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.6776 per share in cash.

VIRGIN ORBIT HLDGS INC COM (VORBQ) was declared worthless.

September 19, 2023
Axcella Health Inc. (AXLA) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AXLA for every 25 shares of AXLA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Prime Impact Acquisition I (PIAI) performed a ticker change to CCG, changed its corporate name to Cheche Group Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Lightning eMotors, Inc. (ZEV) performed a ticker change to ZEVY. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Denbury Inc New Warrant (DNRRW) Warrants were delisted pending expiration.

illumin Holdings Inc. Voluntary Offer Deemed Dividend (ILLMZZD) was declared worthless.

September 18, 2023
Antelope Enterprise Holdings Limited (AEHL) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AEHL for every 10 shares of AEHL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

AYRO, Inc. (AYRO) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AYRO for every 8 shares of AYRO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

PHAXIAM Therapeutics (PHXM) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PHXM for every 10 shares of PHXM previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Highland/iBoxx Senior Loan ETF (SNLN) performed a ticker change to HYSA, changed its corporate name to BondBloxx USD High Yield Bond Sector Rotation ETF, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Takung Art Co., Ltd. (TKAT) performed a ticker change to MI, changed its corporate name to NFT Limited, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Prime Impact Acquisition I (PRIAF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Telkom SA SOC Ltd (TLKGY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

UTA Acquisition Corporation (UTAA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

September 15, 2023
Kaixin Auto Holdings (KXIN) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KXIN for every 15 shares of KXIN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Jupiter Wellness, Inc. (JUPW) performed a ticker change to SHOT.

Corporate Office Properties Trust (OFC) performed a ticker change to CDP, and changed its corporate name to COPT Defense Properties.

BANK SOUTH CAROLINA CORP (BKSC) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

DIRTT Environmental Solutions Ltd. (DRTT) performed a ticker change to DRTTF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Prime Impact Acquisition I (PIAI) performed a ticker change to PRIAF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

AFRICAN GOLD ACQUISITION CORP (AGACF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.5794 per share in cash.

September 14, 2023
Astra Space, Inc. (ASTR) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ASTR for every 15 shares of ASTR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

INFINITY PHARMACEUTICALS INC (INFI) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

KIROMIC BIOPHARMA INC (KRBP) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

BNY Mellon Short Duration Corporate Bond ETF (BKSB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $46.8695 per share in cash.

Starry Group Holdings Inc (STRYQ) was declared worthless.

JPMorgan ActiveBuilders U.S. Large Cap Equity ETF (JUSA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

September 13, 2023
Avinger, Inc. (AVGR) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AVGR for every 15 shares of AVGR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

First Light Acquisition Group, Inc. (FLAG) performed a ticker change to CLDI.

The Necessity Retail REIT, Inc. (RTL) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6700 new shares of GNL for each old share of RTL previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

NORTHERN STAR INVT CORP IV CL A (NSTD) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

September 12, 2023
Ampio Pharmaceuticals Inc. (AMPE) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AMPE for every 20 shares of AMPE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc. (ASTI) performed a 1 for 200 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ASTI for every 200 shares of ASTI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Leafly Holdings, Inc. (LFLY) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LFLY for every 20 shares of LFLY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Magenta Therapeutics, Inc. (MGTA) performed a ticker change to DNTH and changed its corporate name to Dianthus Therapeutics, Inc. Magenta Therapeutics, Inc. (MGTA) also performed a 1 for 16 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DNTH for every 16 shares of MGTA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained. Additionally, shareholders will receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Rosecliff Acquisition Corp (RCLF) performed a ticker change to MDAI, changed its corporate name to Spectral AI Inc, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) performed a ticker change to TKO, changed its corporate name to TKO Group Holdings, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Black Knight, Inc. (BKI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $75.8670 per share in cash.

NightShares 500 1x/1.5x ETF (NSPL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $35.6472 per share in cash.

Illumin Holdings Inc. (ILLM) performed a ticker change to ILLMF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Long Cramer Tracker ETF (LJIM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

September 11, 2023
1847 Holdings LLC (EFSH) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EFSH for every 25 shares of EFSH previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Super League Gaming, Inc. (SLGG) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to SLE. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SLE for every 20 shares of SLGG previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

CXApp Inc. (CXAIZZZ) performed a ticker change to CXAI and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Surface Oncology, Inc. (SURF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.196 shares of CHRS for each share of SURF previously held, with fractional shares retained. Additionally, shareholders will receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

ETF Series Solutions iBET Sports Betting and Gaming ETF (IBET) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.34 per share in cash.

LMP AUTOMOTIVE HLDGS INC (LMPX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.50 per share in cash.

Altimar Acquisition Corp. III (ATAQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

illumin Holdings Inc. (ILLM) is suspended and not currently trading.

September 8, 2023
Acorn Energy, Inc. (ACFN) performed a 1 for 16 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to ACFND. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ACFND for every 16 shares of ACFN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc. (AGLE) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AGLE for every 25 shares of AGLE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

IMAC Holdings, Inc. (BACK) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BACK for every 30 shares of BACK previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share

Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. (NEPT) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NEPT for every 40 shares of NEPT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Odonate, Inc. (ODTC) performed a 1 for 2000 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ODTC for every 2000 shares of ODTC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation (ADMP) performed a ticker change to DMK.

Spark Networks SE American Depositary Shares (LOV) performed a ticker change to LOVLY.

Bit Brother (BTB) performed a ticker change to BETS.

Cascadia Acquisition Corp. (CCAI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.3480 per share in cash.

Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 (WAVC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4481 per share in cash.

ETF Series Solutions iBET Sports Betting and Gaming ETF (IBET) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

September 7, 2023
Grom Social Enterprises Inc. (GROM) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GROM for every 20 shares of GROM previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Ryvyl Inc. (RVYL) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RVYL for every 10 shares of RVYL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Aziyo Biologics, Inc. (AZYO) performed a ticker change to ELUT, and changed its corporate name to Elutia Inc.

BiondVax Pharmaceuticals (BVXV) performed a ticker change to SCNI, and changed its corporate name to Scinai Immunotherapeutics.

Quotient Technology Inc (QUOT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.0000 per share in cash.

NORTHERN STAR INVT CORP III CL A (NSTC) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Golden Falcon Acquisition Corp. (GFX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1799 per share in cash.

BNY Mellon Short Duration Corporate Bond ETF (BKSB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

BOXED INC (BOXDQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

September 6, 2023
Conformis, Inc. (CFMS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.2700 per share in cash.

FTAC Zeus Acquisition Corp. (ZING) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.5104 per share in cash.

September 5, 2023
Harpoon Therapeutics, Inc. (HARP) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HARP for every 10 shares of HARP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

WeWork Inc. (WE) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WE for every 40 shares of WE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

UTime (UTME) performed a ticker change to WTO.

BriaCell Therapeutics Corp. (BCTX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 new share of BCTX for each old share of BCTX previously held. Shareholders will receive 1 new share of BCTX^ for each old share of BCTX previously held.

NexTier Oilfield Solutions Inc. (NEX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.7520 new shares of PTEN for each old share of NEX previously held.

NuVasive, Inc. (NUVA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.7500 new shares of GMED for each old share of NUVA previously held.

LiveOne, Inc. (LVO) performed a spinoff of PODC. For every 1 share of LVO held, shareholders will receive 0.0476 shares of PODC.

SpringBig Holdings, Inc. (SBIG) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Black Knight, Inc. (BKI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Starry Group Holdings Inc (STRYQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Quotient Technology Inc (QUOT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

September 1, 2023
Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. (DSGR) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of DSGR for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Heliogen, Inc. (HLGN) performed a 1 for 35 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HLGN for every 35 shares of HLGN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Sonnet BioTherapeutics Holdings, Inc. (SONN) performed a 1 for 22 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SONN for every 22 shares of SONN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Schnitzer Steel Industries, Inc. (SCHN) performed a ticker change to RDUS.

Focus Financial Partners Inc. (FOCS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $53.0000 per share in cash.

Pardes Biosciences, Inc. (PRDS) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $2.1300 and 1.0000 share of PRDS^ for each share of PRDS previously held.

Asian Growth Cubs ETF (CUBS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.8588 per share in cash.

EdtechX Holdings Acquisition Corp. II (EDTX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3480 per share in cash.

PIVOTAL INVT CORP III (PICC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2207 per share in cash.

AdvisorShares Poseidon Dynamic Cannabis ETF (PSDN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.9969 per share in cash.

Cascadia Acquisition Corp. Class A (CCAI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

NexTier Oilfield Solutions Inc. (NEX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

NightShares 500 1x/1.5x ETF (NSPL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

August 31, 2023
Express, Inc. (EXPR) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EXPR for every 20 shares of EXPR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Spire Global, Inc. (SPIR) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SPIR for every 8 shares of SPIR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

SeqLL Inc. (SQL) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SQL for every 40 shares of SQL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

FINANCIAL STRATEGIES ACQUISITION CORP (FXCO) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Strategy Shares Nasdaq 5HANDL Index ETF (FIVR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.1493 per share in cash.

Noble Absolute Return ETF (NOPE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.3870 per share in cash.

Harbor Small Cap Explorer ETF (QWST) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $32.0183 per share in cash.

August 30, 2023
AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC) performed a ticker change to COR, and changed its corporate name to Cencora, Inc.

AfterNext HealthTech Acquisition Corp. (AFTR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4401 per share in cash.

PIVOTAL INVT CORP III (PICC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2750 per share in cash.

Investment Managers Series Trust II AXS 1.5X PYPL Bull Daily ETF (PYPT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.8779 per share in cash.

August 29, 2023
Digital Media Solutions, Inc. (DMS) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DMS for every 15 shares of DMS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Rush Enterprises, Inc. (RUSHA) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of RUSHA for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Rush Enterprises, Inc. (RUSHB) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of RUSHB for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao (CBD) performed a spinoff of EXTO. For every 1 share of CBD held, shareholders will receive 0.5000 shares of EXTO.

Mallinckrodt plc (MNK) performed a ticker change to MNKTQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Orbital Infrastructure Group, Inc. (OIG) performed a ticker change to OIGBQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

ETFMG Sit Ultra Short ETF (VALT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $48.50883 per share in cash.

China Southern Airlines Ltd Sponsored ADR Rep 50 Shs Class H (China) (ZNHYY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $29.7491 per share in cash.

Asian Growth Cubs ETF (CUBS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

August 28, 2023
Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc. (FFIE) performed a 1 for 80 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FFIE for every 80 shares of FFIE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Direxion Daily S&P 500 High Beta Bear 3X Shares (HIBS) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HIBS for every 10 shares of HIBS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Direxion Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 2X Shares (GUSH) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of GUSH for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Direxion Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X Shares (MEXX) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of MEXX for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Direxion Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X Shares (TMV) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of TMV for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

FG Merger Corp. (FGMC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, performed a ticker change to ICCTP, and changed its corporate name to iCoreConnect Inc.

Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III Class A Ordinary Shares (FWAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, performed a ticker change to BEEP, and changed its corporate name to Mobil Infrastructure Corp.

Grizzle Growth ETF (GRZZ) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a ticker change to DARP.

High Yield ETF (HYLD) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, performed a ticker change to RINC, and changed its corporate name to AXS Real Estate Income ETF.

Prime Number Acquisition I Corp. Class A Common Stock (PNAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, performed a ticker change to NCNC, and changed its corporate name to noco-noco Inc.

Invesco Short Term Treasury ETF (CLTL) performed a ticker change to TBLL.

Invesco Bloomberg Pricing Power ETF (DEF) performed a ticker change to POWA.

Invesco S&P MidCap 400 GARP ETF (EWMC) performed a ticker change to GRPM.

Invesco Next Gen Media and Gaming ETF (PBS) performed a ticker change to GGME.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco Equal Weight 0-30 Year Treasury ETF (PLW) performed a ticker change to GOVI.

Invesco AI and Next Gen Software ETF (PSJ) performed a ticker change to IGPT.

Invesco Bloomberg MVP Multi-factor ETF (PWC) performed a ticker change to BMVP.

Invesco Dynamic Networking ETF (PXQ) performed a ticker change to KNCT, and changed its corporate name to Invesco Next Gen Connectivity ETF.

F45 TRAINING HLDGS INC COM (FXLV) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO).

SeaChange International, Inc. (SEAC) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO).

Apeiron Capital Investment Corp (APNC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.7616 per share in cash.

AdvisorShares Poseidon Dynamic Cannabis ETF (PSDN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

ETFMG Sit Ultra Short ETF (VALT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

CGNT Contingent Value Right (CVR) (CGNT^) expired worthless.

Senestech Inc Warrant (SSEHW) warrants have expired worthless.

August 25, 2023
Clever Leaves Holdings Inc. (CLVR) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CLVR for every 30 shares of CLVR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Ideanomics, Inc. (IDEX) performed a 1 for 125 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IDEX for every 125 shares of IDEX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Recruiter.com Group, Inc. (RCRT) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RCRT for every 15 shares of RCRT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

AMC ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC. (APE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1000 new shares of AMC for each old share of APE previously held.

San Miguel Corp Sponsored ADR (SMGBY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.93 per share in cash.

Apeiron Capital Investment Corp (APNC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Golden Falcon Acquisition Corp. (GFX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Noble Absolute Return ETF (NOPE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 (WAVC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

August 24, 2023
AMC ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC. (AMC) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AMC for every 10 shares of AMC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

BTC Digital Ltd. (METX) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of METX for every 20 shares of METX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Momentus Inc. Class A (MNTS) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MNTS for every 50 shares of MNTS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Apexigen, Inc. (APGN) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1725 post-split shares of PYXS for each old share of APGN previously held.

Aurora Acquisition Corp. Class A (AURC) performed a ticker change to BETR, changed its corporate name to Better Home & Finance Holding Company Class A, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

African Gold Acquisition Corporation (AGAC) performed a ticker change to AGACF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

G Medical Innovations Holdings Ltd. (GMVD) performed a ticker change to GMVDF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

ForgeRock, Inc. (FORG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.2500 per share in cash.

QUOTIENT LTD (QTNTQ) was declared worthless.

August 23, 2023
Sunlight Financial Holdings, Inc. (SUNL) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SUNL for every 20 shares of SUNL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Tivic Health Systems, Inc. (TIVC) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TIVC for every 100 shares of TIVC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Allied Motion Technologies, Inc. (AMOT) performed a ticker change to ALNT.

REPUBLIC FIRST BANCORP INC (FRBK) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Liquid Media Group Ltd. (YVR) performed a ticker change to YVRLF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

ForgeRock, Inc. (FORG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Harbor Small Cap Explorer ETF (QWST) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

FTAC Zeus Acquisition Corp. Class A (ZING) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

August 22, 2023
Copart, Inc. (CPRT) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of CPRT for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Digital Brands Group, Inc. (DBGI) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DBGI for every 25 shares of DBGI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Sempra (SRE) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SRE for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

POLARITYTE INC (PTEIQ) performed a ticker change to RGTPQ, and changed its corporate name to REGENETP INC.

Priveterra Acquisition Corp. II Class A (TMKR) performed a ticker change to PMGM.

AXIOS SUSTAINABLE GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP CL A (AXAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.6739 per share in cash.

Franchise Group, Inc. (FRG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.0000 per share in cash.

Aceragen, Inc. (ACGN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

August 21, 2023
Boqii Holding Limited American Depositary Shares (BQ) performed a 3 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of BQ for every 10 shares of BQ previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

SMX (Security Matters) Public Limited Company (SMX) performed a 1 for 22 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SMX for every 22 shares of SMX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Arconic Corporation (ARNC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.0000 per share in cash.

Amyris, Inc. (AMRS) performed a ticker change to AMRSQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

August 18, 2023
Aditxt, Inc. (ADTX) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ADTX for every 40 shares of ADTX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Vapotherm, Inc. (VAPO) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VAPO for every 8 shares of VAPO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. (WHLR) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WHLR for every 10 shares of WHLR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Hainan Manaslu Acquisition Corp. (HMAC) changed its corporate name to Able View Global Inc., performed a ticker change to ABLV, and changed its CUSIP number.

Ra Medical Systems, Inc (RMED) performed a ticker change to VTAK, and changed its corporate name to Catheter Precision, Inc.

Longeveron Inc. (LGVN) performed a spinoff of LGVN^. For every 1 share of LGVN held, shareholders will receive 5.0000 shares of LGVN^. Fractional shares resulting from the spinoff will be included in your total position.

Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. Class A (UBA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3470 new shares of REG for each old share of UBA previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. (UBP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3470 new shares of REG for each old share of UBP previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

AxonPrime Infrastructure Acquisition Corporation Class A Common Stock (APMI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3688 per share in cash.

Blue Whale Acquisition Corp I Class A Ordinary Shares (BWC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1900 per share in cash.

Arconic Corporation (ARNC) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

August 17, 2023
AAON, Inc. (AAON) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of AAON for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Akari Therapeutics plc ADS (AKTX) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AKTX for every 20 shares of AKTX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Diffusion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (DFFN) performed a 2 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of DFFN for every 3 shares of DFFN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Diffusion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (DFFN) changed its corporate name to CervoMed Inc. and performed a ticker change to CRVO.

Helius Medical Technologies, Inc. (HSDT) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HSDT for every 50 shares of HSDT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Proterra Inc. (PTRA) performed a ticker change to PTRAQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

August 16, 2023
Energous Corporation (WATT) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WATT for every 20 shares of WATT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Yellow Corporation (YELL) performed a ticker change to YELLQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

AfterNext HealthTech Acquisition Corp. (AFTR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

INDUSTRIAS BACHOCO S A DE C V American Depositary Receipts (IBAAY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

August 15, 2023
Crown Electrokinetics Corp. (CRKN) performed a 1 for 60 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CRKN for every 60 shares of CRKN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Investment Managers Series Trust II (NVDS) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NVDS for every 5 shares of NVDS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Black Spade Acquisition Co (BSAQ) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to VFS.

United Insurance Holdings Corp. Common Stock (UIHC) performed a ticker change to ACIC, and changed its corporate name to American Coastal Insurance Corporation.

GraniteShares XOUT U.S. Large Cap ETF (XOUT) performed a ticker change to DRUP.

Jupiter Wellness, Inc. (JUPW) performed a spinoff of SRM. For every 1 share of JUPW held, shareholders will receive 0.0517 shares of SRM. Fractional shares resulting from the spinoff will be included in your total position.

Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. (SAL) performed a stock merger. This means that customers will receive 0.7450 shares of NBTB for every share of SAL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the merger will be included in your total position.

Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. (WTT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.1300 per share in cash.

NightShares 2000 ETF (NIWM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

NightShares 500 ETF (NSPY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

MID-SOUTHERN BANCORP INC COM (MSVB) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Tidewater Inc. Series A (TDW+A) warrants have expired worthless.

August 14, 2023
Mogo Inc. (MOGO) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MOGO for every 3 shares of MOGO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Molecular Templates, Inc. (MTEM) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MTEM for every 15 shares of MTEM previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

The Howard Hughes Corporation (HHC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a ticker change to HHH.

Chinook Therapeutics, Inc. (KDNY) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $40.0000 and 1.0000 shares of KDNYZZZ for each share of KDNY previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Sigilon Therapeutics, Inc. (SGTX) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $14.9200 and 1.0000 shares of SGTX^ for each share of SGTX previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

IDEX Biometrics ASA American Depositary Shares (IDBA) performed a ticker change to IDBAY. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

2ndVote Society Defended ETF (EGIS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $36.7973 per share in cash.

2ndVote Life Neutral Plus ETF (LYFE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $33.5847 per share in cash.

Investment Managers Series Trust II (PYPT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Senestech Inc Warrants (SSEHW) were delisted pending expiration.

DIEBOLD NIXDORF INC (DBDQQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

August 11, 2023
Mullen Automotive, Inc. (MULN) performed a 1 for 9 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MULN for every 9 shares of MULN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

MedTech Acquisition Corporation Class A (MTAC) performed a ticker change to TLSI, changed its corporate name to TriSalus Life Sciences, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. Class A (OXAC) performed a ticker change to JTAI, changed its corporate name to Jet.AI Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Conyers Park III Acquisition Corp. Class A (CPAA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2917 per share in cash.

Tidewater Inc. Series B Warrants to purchase shares of common stock (TDW+B) expired worthless.

WINC INC COM (WBEVQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

August 10, 2023
WisdomTree Trust WisdomTree Interest Rate Hedged U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund (AGZD) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of AGZD for every 1 share previously held.

WisdomTree Trust WisdomTree Japan Hedged SmallCap Equity Fund (DXJS) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of DXJS for every 1 share previously held.

WisdomTree Europe Hedged Equity Fund (HEDJ) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of HEDJ for every 1 share previously held.

Lottery.com, Inc. (LTRY) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LTRY for every 20 shares of LTRY previously held.

LATCH INC (LTCH) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

YANKUANG ENERGY GROUP CO LTD American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (YZCAY) distributed a stock dividend of 0.5000 per share. Shareholders received 0.5000 additional shares for every share previously held.

DICE Therapeutics, Inc. (DICE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $48.0000 per share in cash.

August 9, 2023
Siyata Mobile, Inc. (SYTA) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SYTA for every 100 shares of SYTA previously held.

AXS Cannabis ETF (THCX) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of THCX for every 10 shares of THCX previously held.

Belong Acquisition Corp. Class A (BLNG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2393 per share in cash.

QUALTEK SVCS INC (QTEKQ) was declared worthless.

DSS (DSS) performed a spin-off. Shareholders received 4 shares of DSS, Inc Contra (DSSZZZ) for every 1 share of DSS held on Record date, July 10, 2023. Fractional shares resulting from the spin-off will be included in your total position.

August 8, 2023
SITO MOBILE LTD (SITOQ) performed a ticker change to STTO.

PDC Energy, Inc. (PDCE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4638 post-split shares of CVX for each old share of PDCE previously held.

Heartland Media Acquisition Corp. (HMA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.5607 per share in cash.

Cineworld Group, Plc Unsponsored ADR (United Kingdom) (CNWGQ) was declared worthless.

August 7, 2023
Adial Pharmaceuticals, Inc (ADIL) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ADIL for every 25 shares of ADIL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Bionano Genomics, Inc. (BNGO) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BNGO for every 10 shares of BNGO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. (MOBQ) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MOBQ for every 15 shares of MOBQ previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Sysorex Inc (SYSX) performed a 1 for 1000 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to SYSXD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SYSXD for every 1000 shares of SYSX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Liquid Media Group Ltd. (YVR) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of YVR for every 4 shares of YVR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Enochian Biosciences, Inc. (ENOB) performed a ticker change to RENB, and changed its corporate name to Renovaro Biosciences Inc.

IRONNET INC (IRNT) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Blue Whale Acquisition Corp I Class A (BWC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

PDC Energy, Inc. (PDCE) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

Transphorm, Inc. Rights (TGAN^) rights expired worthless.

Ault Alliance (AULT) performed a spinoff. For every 1 share of AULT held, shareholders will receive 15 shares of IMHCW. For every 1 share of AULT held, shareholders will receive 15 shares of IMHC. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be retained.

August 4, 2023
Fangdd Network Group Ltd. American Depositary Shares (DUO) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DUO for every 15 shares of DUO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NCMI for every 10 shares of NCMI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Otonomo Technologies Ltd. (OTMO) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OTMO for every 15 shares of OTMO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Insignia Systems, Inc. (ISIG) performed a ticker change to LDWY, and changed its corporate name to Lendway, Inc.

Genesis Unicorn Capital Corp. Class A (GENQ) performed a ticker change to ESGL, changed its corporate name to ESGL HLDGS LTD, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. (ALJJ) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.9700 per share in cash.

Enterprise 4.0 Technology Acquisition Corp. Class A (ENTF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.6963 per share in cash.

Ferrovial SA Unsponsored ADR (Spain) (FRRVY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.1795 per share in cash.

Jupiter Wellness, Inc. (JUPW) performed a spinoff of SRM. For every 1 share of JUPW held, shareholders will receive 0.0517 shares of SRM.

2ndVote Society Defended ETF (EGIS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

2ndVote Life Neutral Plus ETF (LYFE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Wireless Telecom Group, Inc. (WTT) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

Liberty Media Corporation Series A Liberty Formula One (FWONA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 new share of FWONA for each old share of FWONA previously held. Shareholders will receive 0.0428 new shares of LLYVA for each old share of FWONA previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Liberty Media Corporation Series C Liberty Formula One (FWONK) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 new share of FWONK for each old share of FWONK previously held. Shareholders will receive 0.0428 new shares of LLYVK for each old share of FWONK previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Liberty Media Corporation Series A Liberty SiriusXM (LSXMA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 new share of LSXMA for each old share of LSXMA previously held. Shareholders will receive 0.25 new shares of LLYVA for each old share of LSXMA previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Liberty Media Corporation Series C Liberty SiriusXM (LSXMK) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 new share of LSXMK for each old share of LSXMK previously held. Shareholders will receive 0.25 new shares of LLYVK for each old share of LSXMK previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Liberty Media Corporation Series B Liberty SiriusXM (LSXMB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 new share of LSXMB for each old share of LSXMB previously held. Shareholders will receive 0.25 new shares of LLYVB for each old share of LSXMB previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

August 3, 2023
Embark Technology, Inc. (EMBK) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.8800 per share in cash.

Home Point Capital, Inc (HMPT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.3300 per share in cash.

Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. Class A (MEOA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.8782 per share in cash.

August 2, 2023
ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of EXLS for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Smart for Life, Inc. (SMFL) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SMFL for every 3 shares of SMFL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

AppHarvest, Inc. (APPH) performed a ticker change to APPHQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

MamaMancini's Holdings, Inc. (MMMB) performed a ticker change to MAMA, and changed its corporate name to Mama's Creations, Inc.

Compute Health Acquisition Corp. (CPUH) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.4205 post-split shares of ALUR for each old share of CPUH previously held.

Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SPPI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1783 post-split shares of ASRT for each old share of SPPI previously held. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Home Point Capital, Inc (HMPT) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

Hargreaves Lansdown PLC, Bristol Unsponsored American Depository Receipt (United Kingdom) (HRGLY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Reunion Neuroscience Inc. (REUN) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

August 1, 2023
Bruush Oral Care Inc. (BRSH) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BRSH for every 25 shares of BRSH previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

MedAvail Holdings, Inc. (MDVL) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MDVL for every 50 shares of MDVL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Taoping Inc. (TAOP) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TAOP for every 10 shares of TAOP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Franklin FTSE Europe Hedged ETF (FLEH) performed a ticker change to FLEU.

GWG HLDGS INC (GWGHQ) performed a ticker change to GWGHQ^ and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

TLG Acquisition One Corp. (TLGA) performed a ticker change to ELIQ, changed its corporate name to Electriq Power, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Nabriva Therapeutics plc Ordinary Shares Ireland (NBRV) performed a ticker change to NBRVF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Oconee Federal Financial Corp. (OFED) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (AJRD) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $58.0000 per share in cash.

TrueShares ESG Active Opportunities ETF (ECOZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $38.614 per share in cash.

Nuveen Floating Rate Income Opportunty Fund (JRO) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9867 post-split shares of JFR for each old share of JRO previously held.

NUVEEN SHORT DURATION CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND (JSD) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.4592 post-split shares of JFR for each old share of JSD previously held.

NUVEEN SENIOR INCM FD (NSL) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5807 post-split shares of JFR for each old share of NSL previously held.

Univar Solutions Inc. (UNVR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $36.1500 per share in cash.

Cineworld Group, Plc Unsponsored ADR (United Kingdom) (CNWGQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

NightShares 2000 ETF (NIWM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

NightShares 500 ETF (NSPY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

July 31, 2023
Theratechnologies Inc. (THTX) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of THTX for every 4 shares of THTX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

AUDACY INC (AUDAD) performed a ticker change to AUDA.

EVOLVE TRANSITION INFRASTRUCTURE LP (SNMPD) performed a ticker change to SNMP.

XPAC Acquisition Corp. Class A (XPAX) performed a ticker change to ZLS.

Absolute Software Corporation (ABST) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.5000 per share in cash.

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP (BWAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.9402 per share in cash.

DA32 Life Science Tech Acquisition Corp. Class A (DALS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3183 per share in cash.

Hartford Schroders ESG US Equity ETF (HEET) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.6159 per share in cash.

Revere Sector Opportunity ETF (RSPY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.2725 per share in cash.

TrueShares ESG Active Opportunities ETF (ECOZ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Nuveen Floating Rate Income Opportunity Fund (JRO) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

NUVEEN SHORT DURATION CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND (JSD) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

NUVEEN SENIOR INCM FD (NSL) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

July 28, 2023
Biolase, Inc. (BIOL) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BIOL for every 100 shares of BIOL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

INVO BioScience, Inc. (INVO) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of INVO for every 20 shares of INVO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Katapult Holdings, Inc. (KPLT) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KPLT for every 25 shares of KPLT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Ontrak, Inc. (OTRK) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OTRK for every 6 shares of OTRK previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Universe Pharmaceuticals Inc. (UPC) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of UPC for every 6 shares of UPC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

VINCO VENTURES INC (BBIG) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V Class A (ARYE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3920 per share in cash.

ALPS Hillman Active Value ETF (HVAL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.4276 per share in cash.

Fount Metaverse ETF (MTVR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.5752 per share in cash.

Absolute Software Corporation (ABST) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (AJRD) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

Revere Sector Opportunity ETF (RSPY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

July 27, 2023
View, Inc. Class A (VIEW) performed a 1 for 60 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VIEW for every 60 shares of VIEW previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Muscle Maker, Inc (GRIL) performed a ticker change to SDOT.

Carlyle Credit Income Fund Shares of Beneficial Interest (VCIF) performed a ticker change to CCIF.

Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp. Class A (SCAQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3887 per share in cash.

BLUE CAP REINS HLDGS LTD (BCRHF) was declared worthless.

Belong Acquisition Corp. Class A (BLNG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Tidewater Inc. Series A Warrants to purchase shares of common stock (expiring July 31, 2023) (TDW+A) were delisted pending expiration.

Tidewater Inc. Series B Warrants to purchase shares of common stock (expiring July 31, 2023) (TDW+B) were delisted pending expiration.

July 26, 2023
Benitec Biopharma Inc. (BNTC) performed a 1 for 17 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BNTC for every 17 shares of BNTC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Humanigen, Inc. (HGEN) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

9 Meters Biopharma, Inc. (NMTR) performed a ticker change to NMTRQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Novan, Inc. (NOVN) performed a ticker change to NOVNQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

ViewRay, Inc. (VRAY) performed a ticker change to VRAYQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Banco Santander Mexico, S, A., Institucion de Banca Multiple, Grupo Financiero Santander Mexico (BSMX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.4200 per share in cash.

GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC (GRNA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.3000 per share in cash.

Bilander Acquisition Corp. Class A (TWCB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2548 per share in cash.

Clovis Oncology, Inc. (CLVSQ) was declared worthless.

Heartland Media Acquisition Corp. (HMA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Fount Metaverse ETF (MTVR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

July 25, 2023
ABVC BioPharma, Inc. (ABVC) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ABVC for every 10 shares of ABVC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Dunxin Financial Holdings Limited (DXF) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DXF for every 10 shares of DXF previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Oncocyte Corporation (OCX) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OCX for every 20 shares of OCX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Genesis Growth Tech Acquisition Corp. Class A (GGAA) performed a ticker change to GGAAF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. (WLMS) performed a ticker change to WLMSQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Natixis U.S. Equity Opportunities ETF (EQOP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.9150 per share in cash.

GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC (GRNA) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

July 24, 2023
Bluejay Diagnostics, Inc. (BJDX) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BJDX for every 20 shares of BJDX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Atento S.A. (ATTO) performed a ticker change to ATTOF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Priveterra Acquisition Corp. Class A (PMGM) performed a ticker change to AEON, changed its corporate name to AEON Biopharma, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INFI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0522 post-split shares of MEIP for each old share of INFI previously held.

ETFMG Breakwave Sea Decarbonization Tech ETF (BSEA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.7993 per share in cash.

Sustainable Development Acquisition I Corp. Class A (SDAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3905 per share in cash.

Enterprise 4.0 Technology Acquisition Corp. Class A (ENTF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Hartford Schroders ESG US Equity ETF (HEET) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

July 21, 2023
Alpine Summit Energy Partners, Inc. Class A Subordinate Voting Shares (ALPS) performed a ticker change to ALPSQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Sono Group N.V. Common Shares (SEV) performed a ticker change to SEVCQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Berkshire Grey, Inc. Class A (BGRY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.4000 per share in cash.

First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund II First Trust BICK Index Fund (BICK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.0811 per share in cash.

ETFMG Breakwave Sea Decarbonization Tech ETF (BSEA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

EquityCompass Risk Manager ETF (ERM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.1059 per share in cash.

July 20, 2023
Biostage, Inc. (BSTG) performed a ticker change to HRGN, and changed its corporate name to Harvard Apparatus Regenerative Technology, Inc.

Colombier Acquisition Corp. (CLBR) performed a ticker change to PSQH, changed its corporate name to PSQ Holdings, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Liberty Media Corporation Series A Liberty Formula One (FWONA) performed a spinoff of BATRK. For every 1 share of FWONA held, shareholders will receive 0.0290 shares of BATRK.

Liberty Media Corporation Series C Liberty Formula One (FWONK) performed a spinoff of BATRK. For every 1 share of FWONK held, shareholders will receive 0.0290 shares of BATRK.

Life Storage, Inc. (LSI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8950 new shares of EXR for each old share of LSI previously held.

Viscogliosi Brothers Acquisition Corp (VBOC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4523 per share in cash.

July 19, 2023
Liberty Media Corporation Series A Liberty Braves (BATRA) changed its corporate name to Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. Series A, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Liberty Media Corporation Series C Liberty Braves (BATRK) changed its corporate name to Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. Series C, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

ABRAXAS PETE CORP COM NEW (AXAS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.5000 per share in cash.

ARIDIS PHARMACEUTICALS INC (ARDS) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Natixis U.S. Equity Opportunities ETF (EQOP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

July 18, 2023
Quoin Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. American Depositary Shares (QNRX) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of QNRX for every 12 shares of QNRX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

EVOLVE TRANSITION INFRASTRUCTURE LP COM UNIT REPSTG LTD PARTNERSHIP INT (SNMP) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to SNMPD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SNMPD for every 30 shares of SNMP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Freedom Acquisition I Corp. Redeemable warrant (FACT) performed a ticker change to CSLR, changed its corporate name to Complete Solaria, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Malvern Bancorp, Inc. (MLVF) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $7.8000 and 0.7733 shares of FRBA for each share of MLVF previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

TESSCO Technologies Incorporated (TESS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.0000 per share in cash.

EVN AG Sponsored ADR (Austria) (EVNVY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.3786 per share in cash.

FlexShares ESG & Climate High Yield Corporate Core Index Fund (FEHY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $40.0900 per share in cash.

QUALTEK SVCS INC (QTEKQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

July 17, 2023
Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco Nasdaq Internet ETF (PNQI) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of PNQI for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco FTSE RAFI US 1000 ETF (PRF) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of PRF for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco FTSE RAFI US 1500 Small-Mid ETF (PRFZ) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of PRFZ for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco S&P SmallCap Consumer Staples ETF (PSCC) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of PSCC for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco S&P SmallCap Energy ETF (PSCE) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PSCE for every 5 shares of PSCE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco S&P SmallCap Health Care ETF (PSCH) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of PSCH for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco S&P SmallCap Information Technology ETF (PSCT) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of PSCT for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco Dynamic Semiconductors ETF (PSI) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of PSI for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco Dynamic Software ETF (PSJ) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of PSJ for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco Global Listed Private Equity ETF (PSP) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PSP for every 5 shares of PSP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco DWA Technology Momentum ETF (PTF) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of PTF for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco DWA Healthcare Momentum ETF (PTH) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of PTH for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco Dynamic Market ETF (PWC) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of PWC for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco Dynamic Oil & Gas Services ETF (PXJ) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PXJ for every 5 shares of PXJ previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Invesco S&P MidCap 400 Pure Growth ETF (RFG) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of RFG for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco S&P 500 Pure Growth ETF (RPG) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of RPG for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Consumer Discretionary ETF (RSPD) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of RSPD for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Health Care ETF (RSPH) performed a 10 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 10 shares of RSPH for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Materials ETF (RSPM) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of RSPM for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Industrials ETF (RSPN) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of RSPN for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Consumer Staples ETF (RSPS) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of RSPS for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Technology ETF (RSPT) performed a 10 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 10 shares of RSPT for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Utilities ETF (RSPU) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of RSPU for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco S&P SmallCap 600 Revenue ETF (RWJ) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of RWJ for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco S&P SmallCap 600 Pure Growth ETF (RZG) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of RZG for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco S&P 500 Top 50 ETF (XLG) performed a 10 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 10 shares of XLG for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Alpha Healthcare Acquisition Corp. III Class A (ALPA) performed a ticker change to CTCX, changed its corporate name to Carmell Therapeutics Corporation Class A, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Forum Merger IV Corporation Class A (FMIV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3741 per share in cash.

ETFMG Prime 2x Daily Junior Silver Miners ETF (SILX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.7588 per share in cash.

GASLOG PARTNERS LP (GLOP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.3700 per share in cash.

ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V Class A (ARYE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund II First Trust BICK Index Fund (BICK) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

EquityCompass Risk Manager ETF (ERM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

July 14, 2023
Bright Minds Biosciences Inc. (DRUG) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DRUG for every 5 shares of DRUG previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Stryve Foods, Inc. Class A (SNAX) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SNAX for every 15 shares of SNAX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Azure Power Global Limited (AZRE) performed a ticker change to AZREF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Emerge EMPWR Sustainable Dividend Equity ETF (EMCA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.5771 per share in cash.

Emerge EMPWR Sustainable Emerging Markets Equity ETF (EMCH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.3662 per share in cash.

Emerge EMPWR Sustainable Select Growth Equity ETF (EMGC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.5474 per share in cash.

Emerge EMPWR Unified Sustainable Equity ETF (EMPW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.2882 per share in cash.

Emerge EMPWR Sustainable Global Core Equity ETF (EMZA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.1910 per share in cash.

Hawks Acquisition Corp (HWKZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2992 per share in cash.

Stratim Cloud Acquisition Corp. Class A (SCAQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

ETFMG Prime 2x Daily Junior Silver Miners ETF (SILX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Weichai Power Co Ltd Unsponsored ADR (China) (WEICY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

July 13, 2023
Lion Group Holding Ltd. American Depositary Share (LGHL) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LGHL for every 50 shares of LGHL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Charah Solutions, Inc (CHRA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.0000 per share in cash.

Hive Blockchain Technologies Ltd. (HIVE) changed its corporate name to HIVE Digital Technologies Ltd., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

GASLOG PARTNERS LP (GLOP) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc. Class A (MEOA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

July 12, 2023
Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc. (AXDX) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AXDX for every 10 shares of AXDX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

FORWARD PHARMA A/S American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (FWPAD) performed a ticker change to FWPAY.

Tattooed Chef, Inc Class A (TTCF) performed a ticker change to TTCFQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

China Eastern Airlines Ltd Sponsored ADR Rep Class H (China) (CEAYY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.8882 per share in cash.

Goldman Sachs MLP Energy Renaissance Fund (GER) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $15.8220 cash per each share of GER previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

IVERIC bio, Inc. (ISEE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $40.0000 per share in cash.

Clovis Oncology, Inc. (CLVSQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

FlexShares ESG & Climate High Yield Corporate Core Index Fund (FEHY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Hawks Acquisition Corp (HWKZ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

July 11, 2023
Galata Acquisition Corp. (GLTA) performed a ticker change to MRT, changed its corporate name to Marti Technologies, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

BETTER WORLD ACQUISITION CORP (BWAC) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Amplify Digital & Online Trading ETF (BIDS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.4085 per share in cash.

Corsair Partnering Corporation (CORS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3753 per share in cash.

Elliott Opportunity II Corp. (EOCW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3706 per share in cash.

Crescera Capital Acquisition Corp Class A (CREC) performed a ticker change to CREEF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

July 10, 2023
Acasti Pharma, Inc. Class A (ACST) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ACST for every 6 shares of ACST previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

authID Inc. (AUID) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AUID for every 8 shares of AUID previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Jiuzi Holdings, Inc. (JZXN) performed a 1 for 18 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JZXN for every 18 shares of JZXN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Owlet, Inc. (OWLT) performed a 1 for 14 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OWLT for every 14 shares of OWLT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

H-CYTE, Inc. (HCYT) performed a ticker change to IVRN, and changed its corporate name to Innoveren Scientific, Inc.

iMedia Brands, Inc. Class A (IMBI) performed a ticker change to IMBIQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) performed a ticker change to EG, and changed its corporate name to Everest Group, Ltd.

Emerge EMPWR Sustainable Dividend Equity ETF (EMCA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Emerge EMPWR Sustainable Emerging Markets Equity ETF (EMCH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Emerge EMPWR Sustainable Select Growth Equity ETF (EMGC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Emerge EMPWR Unified Sustainable Equity ETF (EMPW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Emerge EMPWR Sustainable Global Core Equity ETF (EMZA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

VectivBio Holding AG (VECT) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Ault Alliance (AULT) performed a spinoff of IMHC. For every 1 share of AULT held, shareholders will receive 40 shares of IMHC. For every 1 share of AULT held, shareholders will receive 40 warrants of IMHCW. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be retained.

July 7, 2023
Organigram Holdings Inc. (OGI) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OGI for every 4 shares of OGI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Nymox Pharmaceutical Corporation (NYMX) performed a ticker change to NYMXF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Lordstown Motors Corp. Class A (RIDE) performed a ticker change to RIDEQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

INDUSTRIAS BACHOCO S A DE C V American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (IBA) performed a ticker change to IBAAY.

TRIUMPH GROUP INC NEW WT EXP 12/19/2023 (TGIDW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.0010 per share in cash.

CODIAK BIOSCIENCES INC (CDAKQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Corsair Partnering Corporation (CORS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Neuberger Berman High Yield Strategies Fund Inc Rights (NHS^) rights expired worthless.

July 6, 2023
Sarcos Technology and Robotics Corporation (STRC) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of STRC for every 6 shares of STRC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Talis Biomedical Corporation (TLIS) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TLIS for every 15 shares of TLIS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

GoGreen Investments Corporation (GOGN) performed a ticker change to LZM, changed its corporate name to Lifezone Metals Limited, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Owl Rock Capital Corporation (ORCC) performed a ticker change to OBDC, and changed its corporate name to Blue Owl Capital Corporation.

Diversey Holdings, Ltd. (DSEY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.4000 per share in cash.

Amplify Digital & Online Trading ETF (BIDS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Goldman Sachs MLP Energy Renaissance Fund (GER) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Senior Secured Credit Opportunities ETF (SECD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.918736 per share in cash.

Zion Oil & Gas Warrant (ZN+) was declared worthless.

July 5, 2023
Agrify Corporation (AGFY) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AGFY for every 20 shares of AGFY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Biodexa Pharmaceuticals plc American Depositary Shs (BDRX) performed a 1 for 80 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BDRX for every 80 shares of BDRX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Biofrontera Inc. (BFRI) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BFRI for every 20 shares of BFRI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

WISeKey International Holding Ltd American Depositary Shares (WKEY) performed a 1 for 2.5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WKEY for every 2.5 shares of WKEY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

22nd Century Group, Inc. (XXII) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XXII for every 15 shares of XXII previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

FlexShares Quality Dividend Dynamic Index Fund (QDYN) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0654 post-split shares of QDF for each old share of QDYN previously held.

East Resources Acquisition Company Class A (ERES) performed a ticker change to ABL, changed its corporate name to Abacus Life Inc, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

SQZ Biotechnologies Company (SQZ) performed a ticker change to SQZB. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Deutsche Post AG Sponsored ADR (Germany) (DHLGY) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Unico American Corporation (UNAMQ) performed a ticker change to UNAM.

BELLUS Health Inc. (BLU) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.7500 per share in cash.

BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) performed a spinoff of PHIN. For every 1 share of BWA held, shareholders will receive 0.2000 shares of PHIN.

NUVEEN INTERMEDIATE DURATION QUALITY MUNICIPAL TERM FUND (NIQ) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $12.4082 cash per each share of NIQ previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

TRIUMPH GROUP INC NEW WT EXP 12/19/2023 (TGIDW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

July 3, 2023
Biotricity, Inc. (BTCY) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BTCY for every 6 shares of BTCY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

PainReform Ltd. Ordinary Shares (PRFX) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PRFX for every 10 shares of PRFX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings (LH) performed a spinoff of FTRE. For every 1 share of LH held, shareholders will receive 1.0000 shares of FTRE.

BGC Partners, Inc Class A (BGCP) performed a ticker change to BGC, changed its corporate name to BGC Group, Inc. Class A, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

GSR II Meteora Acquisition Corp. Class A (GSRM) performed a ticker change to BTM, changed its corporate name to Bitcoin Depot Inc. Class A, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Bonso Electronics International, Inc. (BNSO) performed a ticker change to BNSOF.

Deutsche Post AG Sponsored ADR (Germany) (DPSGY) performed a ticker change to DHLGY.

Surgalign Holdings, Inc. (SRGA) performed a ticker change to SRGAQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Social Capital Suvretta Holdings Corp. II Class A Ordinary Shares (DNAB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3548 per share in cash.

Social Capital Suvretta Holdings Corp. IV Class A Ordinary Shares (DNAD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3548 per share in cash.

VanEck Muni Allocation ETF (MAAX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.7328 per share in cash.

Constrained Capital ESG Orphans ETF (ORFN) was liquidated.

The Community Financial Corporation (TCFC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 2.3287 post-split shares of SHBI for each old share of TCFC previously held.

U.S. Xpress Enterprises, Inc. Class A (USX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.1500 per share in cash.

Elliott Opportunity II Corp. (EOCW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

FlexShares Quality Dividend Dynamic Index Fund (QDYN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

LANNETT INC COM NEW (LCINQ) was declared worthless.

June 30, 2023
Advanced Health Intelligence Ltd. American Depositary Shares (AHI) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AHI for every 4 shares of AHI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Addentax Group Corp. (ATXG) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ATXG for every 10 shares of ATXG previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Audacy, Inc. (AUDA) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to AUDAD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AUDAD for every 30 shares of AUDA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Doma Holdings, Inc. (DOMA) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DOMA for every 25 shares of DOMA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Evelo Biosciences, Inc. (EVLO) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EVLO for every 20 shares of EVLO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Inhibikase Therapeutics, Inc. (IKT) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IKT for every 6 shares of IKT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Babylon Holdings Limited (BBLN) performed a ticker change to BBLNF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

AdvisorShares Managed Bitcoin Strategy ETF (CRYP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.0823 per share in cash.

G Squared Ascend II Inc. (GSQB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4568 per share in cash.

Invesco PureBeta FTSE Developed ex-North America ETF (PBDM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.2291 per share in cash.

Invesco PureBeta FTSE Emerging Markets ETF (PBEE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.4060 per share in cash.

Invesco PureBeta US Aggregate Bond ETF (PBND) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.8083 per share in cash.

Invesco PureBeta MSCI USA Small Cap ETF (PBSM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.9803 per share in cash.

Invesco Balanced Multi-Asset Allocation ETF (PSMB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.8502 per share in cash.

Invesco Conservative Multi-Asset Allocation ETF (PSMC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.0643 per share in cash.

Invesco Growth Multi-Asset Allocation ETF (PSMG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.6403 per share in cash.

Invesco Moderately Conservative Multi-Asset Allocation ETF (PSMM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.6899 per share in cash.

Monitronics International Inc (SCTYQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.1291 per share in cash.

AdvisorShares Drone Technology ETF (UAV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.7539 per share in cash.

INDUS Realty Trust, Inc. (MD) (INDT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $67.0000 per share in cash.

Aluminum Corp China Ltd Sponsored ADR Repstg H Shs (China) (ACHHY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

June 29, 2023
Allarity Therapeutics, Inc. (ALLR) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ALLR for every 40 shares of ALLR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Sphere 3D Corp. (ANY) performed a 1 for 7 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ANY for every 7 shares of ANY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Marpai, Inc. Class A (MRAI) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MRAI for every 4 shares of MRAI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Erytech Pharma S.A. American Depositary Shares (ERYP) performed a ticker change to PHXM.

Parabellum Acquisition Corp. (PRBM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2797 per share in cash.

BELLUS Health Inc. (BLU) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Senior Secured Credit Opportunities ETF (SECD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

LOYALTY VENTURES INC COM (Delaware) (LYLTQ) was declared worthless.

June 28, 2023
CTI BioPharma Corp. (DE) (CTIC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.1000 per share in cash.

Qualtrics International Inc. Class A (XM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.1500 per share in cash.

Investment Managers Series Trust II AXS 2X NKE Bull Daily ETF (NKEL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.6369 per share in cash.

Investment Managers Series Trust II AXS 2X NKE Bear Daily ETF (NKEQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $29.2456 per share in cash.

Investment Managers Series Trust II AXS 2X PFE Bull Daily ETF (PFEL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.3448 per share in cash.

Investment Managers Series Trust II AXS 2X PFE Bear Daily ETF (PFES) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $51.6304 per share in cash.

Investment Managers Series Trust II AXS 1.5X PYPL Bear Daily ETF (PYPS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $39.9809 per share in cash.

First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI Developed International Equity Select ETF (RNDM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $50.0621 per share in cash.

AXS Short De-SPAC Daily ETF (SOGU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.5682 per share in cash.

Investment Managers Series Trust II AXS Short China Internet ETF (SWEB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.9983 per share in cash.

UVA Dividend Value ETF (UVDV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.3853 per share in cash.

Oxford Square Capital Corp. Right (OXSQR) was declared worthless.

June 27, 2023
American Rebel Holdings, Inc. (AREB) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AREB for every 25 shares of AREB previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

CTI BioPharma Corp. (DE) (CTIC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Constrained Capital ESG Orphans ETF (ORFN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

June 26, 2023
Skillz Inc. (SKLZ) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SKLZ for every 20 shares of SKLZ previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

CHINA PETE & CHEM CORP American Depositary Shares - Sponsored (SNPTY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $61.6154 per share in cash.

Genius Brands International, Inc. (GNUS) performed a ticker change to TOON, and changed its corporate name to Kartoon Studios Inc.

OncoSec Medical Incorporated (ONCS) performed a ticker change to ONCSQ.

FINANCIAL STRATEGIES ACQUISITION CORP CL A (FXCO) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

AdvisorShares Managed Bitcoin Strategy ETF (CRYP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

NUVEEN INTERMEDIATE DURATION QUALITY MUNICIPAL TERM FUND (NIQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco PureBeta FTSE Developed ex-North America ETF (PBDM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco PureBeta FTSE Emerging Markets ETF (PBEE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco PureBeta US Aggregate Bond ETF (PBND) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco PureBeta MSCI USA Small Cap ETF (PBSM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco Balanced Multi-Asset Allocation ETF (PSMB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco Conservative Multi-Asset Allocation ETF (PSMC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco Growth Multi-Asset Allocation ETF (PSMG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco Moderately Conservative Multi-Asset Allocation ETF (PSMM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

AdvisorShares Drone Technology ETF (UAV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

June 23, 2023
ProShares Ultra Bloomberg Natural Gas (BOIL) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BOIL for every 20 shares of BOIL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Shapeways Holdings, Inc. (SHPW) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SHPW for every 8 shares of SHPW previously held.

Thomson Reuters Corporation (TRI) performed a 0.964 for 1 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 0.964 shares of TRI for every 1 share of TRI previously held.

ProShares Ultra VIX Short-Term Futures ETF (UVXY) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of UVXY for every 10 shares of UVXY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

ProShares VIX Short-Term Futures ETF (VIXY) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VIXY for every 5 shares of VIXY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

HEXO Corp. (HEXO) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4352 new shares of TLRY for each old share of HEXO previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

HV Bancorp, Inc. (HVBC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4040 new shares of CZFS for each old share of HVBC previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Jaws Hurricane Acquisition Corp. Class A (HCNE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2577 per share in cash.

Jaws Juggernaut Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Share (JUGG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3294 per share in cash.

Motive Capital Corp II (MTVC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.5368 per share in cash.

Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I Class A (SNRH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0916 per share in cash.

ST Energy Transition I Ltd. (STET) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.5016 per share in cash.

ABRAXAS PETE CORP COM NEW (AXAS) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

VanEck Muni Allocation ETF (MAAX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Puxin Ltd American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (Cayman Islands) (NEWYY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

June 22, 2023
GraniteShares ETF Trust GraniteShares 1x Short TSLA Daily ETF (TSLI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.0070 per share in cash.

TRxADE HEALTH, Inc. (MEDS) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MEDS for every 15 shares of MEDS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Ramaco Resources, Inc. (METC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

INVACARE CORP (IVCRQ) was declared worthless.

Ramaco Resources, Inc. (METC) performed a spinoff of METCB. For every 1 share of METC held, shareholders will receive 0.2000 shares of METCB. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be retained.

Imperial Petroleum Inc. (IMPP) performed a spinoff of CISS. For every 1 share of IMPP held, shareholders will receive 0.1250 shares of CISS.

Renren Inc. American Depositary Share (each representing forty-five (45) Class A Ordinary Shares) (RENN) performed a ticker change to MTBL, and changed its corporate name to Moatable, Inc. American Depositary Share (each representing forty-five (45) Class A Ordinary Shares).

Steel Connect, Inc. (STCN) performed a Reverse Split. If you had fewer than 3500 shares, you will receive cash at a rate that has not yet been announced. If you had more than 3500 shares, your shares went through a 1 for 9.333333 reverse split with fractional shares retained. Since this cash event hasn't happened yet, the shares are currently untradeable. Users eligible for the cash event will see "STCNZZZ" on their app as a placeholder.

June 21, 2023
Ahren Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (AHRN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4984 per share in cash.

Blue Star Foods Corp. (BSFC) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BSFC for every 20 shares of BSFC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

LifeGoal Home Down Payment Investment ETF (HOM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.6374 per share in cash.

AcuityAds Holdings Inc. (ILLM) changed its corporate name to illumin Holdings Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

LANNETT INC COM NEW (LCINQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Leap Therapeutics, Inc. (LPTX) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LPTX for every 10 shares of LPTX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

METACRINE INC (MTCR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Oncorus, Inc. (ONCR) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Pulse Biosciences, Inc., Warrants (PLSEW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.0100 per share in cash.

First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI Developed International Equity Select ETF (RNDM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

ROC Energy Acquisition Corp. (ROC) performed a ticker change to DTI, changed its corporate name to Drilling Tools International Corp., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Ranger Oil Corporation Class A (ROCC) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $13.3100 and 7.4900 shares of BTE for each share of ROCC previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

LifeGoal Conservative Wealth Builder ETF (SAVN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.7939 per share in cash.

UVA Dividend Value ETF (UVDV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

LifeGoal Wealth Builder ETF (WLTH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.3213 per share in cash.

June 20, 2023
Energy Focus, Inc. (EFOI) performed a 1 for 7 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EFOI for every 7 shares of EFOI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Yunji Inc. American Depository Shares (YJ) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of YJ for every 10 shares of YJ previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Beneficient Preferred Stock (BENFP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.2500 new shares of BENF for each old share of BENFP previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.5000 per share in cash.

Prometheus Biosciences, Inc. (RXDX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $200.0000 per share in cash.

Sound Point Acquisition Corp I, Ltd Class A Ordinary Share (SPCM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.6413 per share in cash.

Talon 1 Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (TOAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4924 per share in cash.

Harsco Corporation (HSC) performed a ticker change to NVRI, and changed its corporate name to Enviri Corporation.

HV Bancorp, Inc. (HVBC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Ahren Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (AHRN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Jaws Hurricane Acquisition Corp. Class A (HCNE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Malacca Straits Acquisition Company Limited Class A Ordinary Shares (MLAC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Investment Managers Series Trust II AXS 2X NKE Bull Daily ETF (NKEL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Investment Managers Series Trust II AXS 2X NKE Bear Daily ETF (NKEQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Investment Managers Series Trust II AXS 2X PFE Bull Daily ETF (PFEL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Investment Managers Series Trust II AXS 2X PFE Bear Daily ETF (PFES) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Investment Managers Series Trust II AXS 1.5X PYPL Bear Daily ETF (PYPS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

AXS Short De-SPAC Daily ETF (SOGU) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Investment Managers Series Trust II AXS Short China Internet ETF (SWEB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

GraniteShares ETF Trust GraniteShares 1x Short TSLA Daily ETF (TSLI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

LANNETT INC COM NEW (LCIN) performed a ticker change to LCINQ. The stock is currently not trading.

June 16, 2023
FI Enhanced Europe 50 ETN (FIEE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $201.2339 per share in cash.

Cvent Holding Corp. (CVT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.5000 per share in cash.

Logistics Innovation Technologies Corp. Class A (LITT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2581 per share in cash.

ETRACS NYSE Pickens Core Midstream Index ETN due August 20, 2048 (PYPE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.3492 per share in cash.

DCP Midstream, LP (DCP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $41.7500 per share in cash.

MELI Kaszek Pioneer Corp Class A Ordinary Shares (MEKA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3265 per share in cash.

Zimmer Energy Transition Acquisition Corp. Class A (ZT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2460 per share in cash.

Metals Acquisition Corp (MTAL) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

UBS AG FI Enhanced Global High Yield ETN (FIHD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $217.9044 per share in cash.

IZEA Worldwide, Inc. (IZEA) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IZEA for every 4 shares of IZEA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

World Fuel Services Corporation (INT) performed a ticker change to WKC, and changed its corporate name to World Kinect Corporation.

PolarityTE, Inc. (PTE) performed a ticker change to PTEIQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

June 15, 2023
ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. (ATIP) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ATIP for every 50 shares of ATIP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Local Bounti Corporation (LOCL) performed a 1 for 13 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LOCL for every 13 shares of LOCL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Boxlight Corporation Class A (BOXL) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BOXL for every 8 shares of BOXL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

NeuBase Therapeutics, Inc. (NBSE) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NBSE for every 20 shares of NBSE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Pontem Corporation (PNTM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4124 per share in cash.

Lottery.com, Inc. (LTRY) had a listing change from OTC to XNAS and is now available to buy and sell.

EVOFEM BIOSCIENCES INC (EVFMD) performed a ticker change to EVFM.

LadRx Corporation (LADXD) performed a ticker change to LADX.

HTG Molecular Diagnostics, Inc. (HTGM) performed a ticker change to HTGMQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Unico American Corporation (UNAM) performed a ticker change to UNAMQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. Class A (CYXT) performed a ticker change to CYXTQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Oxford Square Capital Corp. Right (OXSQR) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

DCP Midstream, LP (DCP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

June 14, 2023
iPath Pure Beta Broad Commodity ETN (BCM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $42.8768 per share in cash.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Livestock Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (COW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $39.9633 per share in cash.

Barclays Bank PLC iPath Exchange Traded Notes due 2036 Linked to GSCI Total Return Index (GSP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.6850 per share in cash.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Agriculture Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.6636 per share in cash.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Copper Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.3074 per share in cash.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Grains Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $70.5777 per share in cash.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Industrial Metals Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $56.6423 per share in cash.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Nickel Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.4890 per share in cash.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Precious Metals Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $66.0753 per share in cash.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Tin Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $82.5504 per share in cash.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Aluminum Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $45.8849 per share in cash.

iPath Bloomberg Lead Subindex Total Return ETN due June 24, 2038 (LD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $45.1131 per share in cash.

CHINA LIFE INS CO LTD American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (China) (LFCHY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.5309 per share in cash.

iPath Bloomberg Cocoa Subindex Total Return ETN due June 24, 2038 (NIB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $35.6096 per share in cash.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Platinum Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (PGM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $49.3928 per share in cash.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Sugar Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (SGG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $86.7981 per share in cash.

TRICIDA INC COM (TCDAQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Natural Gas Subindex Total Return ETN (GAZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.7846 per share in cash.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Coffee Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $54.5766 per share in cash.

iPath Pure Beta Crude Oil ETN (OIL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.1961 per share in cash.

June 13, 2023
Offerpad Solutions Inc. (OPAD) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OPAD for every 15 shares of OPAD previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Heska Corporation (HSKA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $120.0000 per share in cash.

SPDR S&P 600 Small Cap ETF (based on S&P SmallCap 600 Index--symbol SML) (SLY) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 2.2230 post-split shares of SPSM for each old share of SLY previously held.

Garrett Motion Inc. Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (GTXAP) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.144375 and 1.104379 shares of GTX for each share of GTXAP previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

INDIVIOR PLC American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (INVVY) performed a ticker change to INDV, changed its corporate name to Indivior PLC Ordinary Shares, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

ORPHAZYME A/S American Depositary Shares - Sponsored (ORPHY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.1411 per share in cash.

Jackson Acquisition Company (RJAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4198 per share in cash.

LifeGoal Home Down Payment Investment ETF (HOM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

LOYALTY VENTURES INC COM (Delaware) (LYLTQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

QUOTIENT LTD Common Shares (QTNTQ) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

LifeGoal Wealth Builder ETF (WLTH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

LifeGoal Conservative Wealth Builder ETF (SAVN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

June 12, 2023
Creative Medical Technology Holdings, Inc. (CELZ) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CELZ for every 10 shares of CELZ previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Finch Therapeutics Group, Inc. (FNCH) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FNCH for every 30 shares of FNCH previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Credit Suisse Group (CS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0445 new shares of UBS for each old share of CS previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. Rights (DSGR^) rights expired worthless.

ARC Group Worldwide, Inc. (ARCW) performed a ticker change to RMTO, and changed its corporate name to RM2 International, Inc.

INDIVIOR PLC American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (INVVY) was delisted pending an ADR termination.

KASPIEN HLDGS INC (KSPN) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

SPDR S&P 600 Small Cap ETF (based on S&P SmallCap 600 Index--symbol SML) (SLY) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I Class A (SNRH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

June 9, 2023
Golden Minerals Company (AUMN) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AUMN for every 25 shares of AUMN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Cineverse Corp. Class A (CNVS) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CNVS for every 20 shares of CNVS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Flora Growth Corp. (FLGC) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FLGC for every 20 shares of FLGC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Powerbridge Technologies Co., Ltd. Ordinary Shares (PBTS) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PBTS for every 30 shares of PBTS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

WeTrade Group Inc. Ordinary Shares (WETG) performed a 1 for 185 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WETG for every 185 shares of WETG previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Rice Acquisition Corp. II (RONI) performed a ticker change to NPWR, changed its corporate name to NET Power Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Satsuma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (STSA) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.9100 and 1.0000 share of STSA^ for each share of STSA previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Bullpen Parlay Acquisition Company Class A Ordinary Share (BPAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4988 per share in cash.

Sculptor Acquisition Corp I (SCUA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.5292 per share in cash.

Wejo Group Limited Common Shares (WEJO) performed a ticker change to WEJOQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Cotton Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (BAL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Pure Beta Broad Commodity ETN (BCM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Livestock Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (COW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Natural Gas Total Return Sub-Index ETN (GAZ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Barclays Bank PLC iPath Exchange Traded Notes due 2036 Linked to GSCI Total Return Index (GSP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Agriculture Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Copper Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Energy Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Grains Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Industrial Metals Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Nickel Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Precious Metals Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Softs Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Tin Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Aluminum Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JJU) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Coffee Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (JO) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Bloomberg Lead Subindex Total Return ETN due June 24, 2038 (LD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Motive Capital Corp II (MTVC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Bloomberg Cocoa Subindex Total Return ETN due June 24, 2038 (NIB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Pure Beta Crude Oil ETN (OIL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Platinum Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (PGM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B Bloomberg Sugar Subindex Total ReturnSM ETN (SGG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

June 8, 2023
Blue Apron Holdings, Inc. Class A (APRN) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of APRN for every 12 shares of APRN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

FORWARD PHARMA A/S American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (Denmark) (FWPAY) performed a 7 for 2000 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to FWPAD. This means shareholders will now hold 7 shares of FWPAD for every 2000 shares of FWPAY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

OceanPal Inc. (OP) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OP for every 20 shares of OP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Wheels Up Experience Inc. (UP) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of UP for every 10 shares of UP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Avalon Acquisition Inc. Class A (AVAC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 new share of BENF and 1 new share of BENFP for each old share of AVAC previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Global Cord Blood Corporation (CO) performed a ticker change to CORBF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

ST Energy Transition I Ltd. (STET) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

HeadHunter Group PLC American Depositary Shares (HHR) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Ozon Holdings PLC American Depositary Shares, each ADS representing one ordinary share (OZON) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

June 7, 2023
Bone Biologics Corp (BBLG) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BBLG for every 30 shares of BBLG previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Greenlane Holdings, Inc. (GNLN) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GNLN for every 10 shares of GNLN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

VistaGen Therapeutics, Inc. (VTGN) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VTGN for every 30 shares of VTGN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

EVOLVE TRANSITION INFRASTRUCTURE LP COM UNIT REPSTG LTD PARTNERSHIP INT (SNMP) is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Communication Services ETF (EWCO) performed a ticker change to RSPC.

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Real Estate ETF (EWRE) performed a ticker change to RSPR.

Fiserv, Inc. (FISV) performed a ticker change to FI.

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Consumer Discretionary ETF (RCD) performed a ticker change to RSPD.

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Industrials ETF (RGI) performed a ticker change to RSPN.

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Consumer Staples ETF (RHS) performed a ticker change to RSPS.

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Materials ETF(RTM) performed a ticker change to RSPM.

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Energy ETF (RYE) performed a ticker change to RSPG .

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Financials ETF (RYF) performed a ticker change to RSPF.

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Health Care ETF (RYH) performed a ticker change to RSPH.

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Technology ETF (RYT) performed a ticker change to RSPT.

Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight Utilities ETF (RYU) performed a ticker change to RSPU.

June 6, 2023
Aptose Biosciences, Inc. (APTO) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of APTO for every 15 shares of APTO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Grove Collaborative Holdings, Inc. (GROV) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GROV for every 5 shares of GROV previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Westport Fuel Systems Inc (WPRT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WPRT for every 10 shares of WPRT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Bullpen Parlay Acquisition Company Class A Ordinary Share (BPAC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

June 5, 2023
Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. (ACOR) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ACOR for every 20 shares of ACOR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Direxion Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X Shares (DPST) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DPST for every 10 shares of DPST previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Direxion Daily Electric and Autonomous Vehicles Bull 2X Shares (EVAV) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EVAV for every 10 shares of EVAV previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Lixte Biotechnology Holdings, Inc. (LIXT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LIXT for every 10 shares of LIXT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Kimball International, Inc. Class B (KBAL) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $9.0000 and 0.1301 shares of HNI for each share of KBAL previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Diebold Nixdorf Incorporated (DBD) performed a ticker change to DBDQQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Hull Tactical US ETF (HTUS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Sound Point Acquisition Corp I, Ltd Class A Ordinary Share (SPCM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

June 2, 2023
Angion Biomedica Corp. (ANGN) performed a ticker change to ELTX and changed its corporate name to Elicio Therapeutics, Inc. Angion Biomedica Corp. (ANGN) also performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ELTX for every 10 shares of ANGN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Jupiter Wellness Acquisition Corp. Class A (JWAC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of CJET for each share of JWAC previously held, with fractional shares retained. Additionally, shareholders will receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

TCR2 Therapeutics Inc. (TCRR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.5117 new shares of ADAP for each old share of TCRR previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Bellicum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (BLCM) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Kimball International, Inc. Class B (KBAL) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Moneygram International, Inc. (MGI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.0000 per share in cash.

QualTek Services Inc. Class A (QTEK) performed a ticker change to QTEKQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

June 1, 2023
MDU Resources Group, Inc. (MDU) performed a spinoff of KNF. For every 1 share of MDU held, shareholders will receive 0.2500 shares of KNF. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be retained.

Troika Media Group, Inc. (TRKA) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TRKA for every 25 shares of TRKA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Calyxt, Inc. (CLXT) performed a ticker change to CBUS and changed its corporate name to Cibus, Inc. Calyxt, Inc. (CLXT) also performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CBUS for every 5 shares of CLXT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Verastem, Inc. (VSTM) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VSTM for every 12 shares of VSTM previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Panbela Therapeutics, Inc. (PBLA) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PBLA for every 30 shares of PBLA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Momentive Global Inc. (MNTV) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.4600 per share in cash.

Subversive Metaverse ETF (PUNK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.1345 per share in cash

Signal Hill Acquisition Corp. Class A (SGHL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4347 per share in cash

American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. (AVCTQ) was declared worthless.

Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. Class A (SBGI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Greencity Acquisition Corporation Ordinary Shares (GRCY) performed a ticker change to GRCYF.

May 31, 2023
Direxion mRNA ETF Escrow (MSGR^) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.1666 per share in cash.

Sisecam Resources LP (SIRE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.0000 per share in cash.

Broadmark Realty Capital Inc. (BRMK) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4723 new shares of RC for each old share of BRMK previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Applied UV, Inc. (AUVI) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AUVI for every 5 shares of AUVI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. (AVCTQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

May 30, 2023
Bit Origin Limited Ordinary Shares (BTOG) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BTOG for every 30 shares of BTOG previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Post Holdings Partnering Corporation (PSPC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2447 per share in cash.

Signal Hill Acquisition Corp. Class A (SGHL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Pontem Corporation (PNTM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

May 26, 2023
KraneShares Global Carbon Transformation ETF (KGHG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.2729 per share in cash.

Integra Resources Corp. (ITRG) performed a 2 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of ITRG for every 5 shares of ITRG previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Fount Subscription Economy ETF (SUBS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.1544 per share in cash.

Healthcare Triangle, Inc. (HCTI) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HCTI for every 10 shares of HCTI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

LiqTech International, Inc. (LIQT) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LIQT for every 8 shares of LIQT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Landos Biopharma, Inc. (LABP) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LABP for every 10 shares of LABP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. (ALJJ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

LOTTERY COM INC (LTRY) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Sisecam Resources LP (SIRE) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

May 25, 2023
Alpha Intelligent - Large Cap Growth ETF (AILG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.9888 per share in cash.

Alpha Intelligent - Large Cap Value ETF (AILV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.8160345 per share in cash.

Oxford Square Capital Corp. (OXSQ) performed a spinoff of OXSQR. For every 1 share of OXSQ held, shareholders will receive 0.3333 shares of OXSQR. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be retained.

Athenex, Inc. (ATNX) performed a ticker change to ATNXQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

May 24, 2023
Evoqua Water Technologies Corp (AQUA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4800 new shares of XYL for each old share of AQUA previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Nova Lifestyle, Inc. (NVFY) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NVFY for every 5 shares of NVFY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Lordstown Motors Corp. Class A (RIDE) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RIDE for every 15 shares of RIDE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Roth CH Acquisition IV Co. (ROCG) performed a ticker change to TYGO, changed its corporate name to Tigo Energy, Inc, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

WISeKey International Holding Ltd American Depositary Shares (WKEY) performed a spinoff of LAES. For every 1 share of WKEY held, shareholders will receive 0.1030 shares of LAES. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be retained.

NantHealth, Inc. (NH) performed a ticker change to NHIQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Alpha Intelligent - Large Cap Growth ETF (AILG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Alpha Intelligent - Large Cap Value ETF (AILV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

May 23, 2023
SeaChange International, Inc. (SEAC) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SEAC for every 20 shares of SEAC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

PGNX CVR (PGNX^) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.1500 per share in cash.

Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

TransCode Therapeutics, Inc. (RNAZ) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RNAZ for every 20 shares of RNAZ previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Sigilon Therapeutics, Inc. (SGTX) performed a 1 for 13 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SGTX for every 13 shares of SGTX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

MMC Norilsk Nickel PJSC American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (NILSY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

ABB Ltd. (ABB) performed a ticker change to ABBNY. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Cinedigm Corp., Class A (CIDM) performed a ticker change to CNVS, and changed its corporate name to Cineverse Corp.

May 22, 2023
Bright Health Group, Inc. (BHG) performed a 1 for 80 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BHG for every 80 shares of BHG previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Devro PLC Unsponsored ADR (United Kingdom) (DEVOY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.9135 per share in cash.

OKYO Pharma Limited American Depositary Shares (OKYO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation (TGR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.5725 per share in cash.

Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corporation (ADMP) performed a 1 for 70 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ADMP for every 70 shares of ADMP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

SKYDECK ACQUISITION CORP CL A (SKYA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2948 per share in cash.

Churchill Downs, Incorporated (CHDN) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of CHDN for every 1 share previously held.

Progress Acquisition Corp. Class A (PGRW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4024 per share in cash.

AnPac Bio-Medical Science Co., Ltd. American Depositary Shares (ANPC) performed a ticker change to FRES, and changed its corporate name to Fresh2 Group Limited American Depositary Shares.

Origin Bancorp, Inc. (OBNK) performed a ticker change to OBK.

CELYAD ONCOLOGY SA American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (CYAD) performed a ticker change to CYADY. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

May 19, 2023
Bird Global, Inc. (BRDS) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BRDS for every 25 shares previously held.

UPHOLDINGS Compound Kings ETF (KNGS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.7418 per share in cash.

Aptinyx Inc. Common Stock (APTX) was delisted to OTC and set to PCO.

Franklin Responsibly Sourced Gold ETF (FGLD) performed a ticker change to FGDL.

IDW Media Holdings (IDW) performed a ticker change to IDWM and was delisted to OTC and set to PCO.

Celyad Oncology SA American Depositary Shares (CYAD) was delisted.

AXIOS Sustainable Growth Acquisition Corporation (AXAC) was delisted to OTC and set to PCO.

May 18, 2023
ORION BIOTECH OPPORTUNITIES CORP CL A SHS (ORIA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2880 per share in cash.

EVOFEM BIOSCIENCES INC (EVFM) performed a 1 for 125 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EVFM for every 125 shares of EVFM previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

NiSun International Enterprise Development Group Co., Ltd. Class A Common Shares (NISN) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NISN for every 10 shares of NISN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited Ordinary Shares (GBRG) performed a ticker change to SDA, changed its corporate name to SunCar Technology Group Inc. Class A Ordinary Shares, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Ault Alliance, Inc. (AULT) performed a 1 for 300 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AULT for every 300 shares of AULT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

KraneShares Global Carbon Transformation ETF (KGHG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Cloopen Group Holding Limited American Depositary Shares (each representing six (6) Class A Ordinary Shares) (RAAS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

May 17, 2023
LadRx Corporation (LADX) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LADX for every 100 shares of LADX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

CASTLE A M & CO (CTAM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.1000 per share in cash.

Biocept, Inc. (BIOC) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BIOC for every 30 shares of BIOC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Audacy, Inc. (AUD) performed a ticker change to AUDA. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

May 16, 2023
Evo Acquisition Corp. Class A (EVOJ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1255 per share in cash.

Cyclerion Therapeutics, Inc. (CYCN) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CYCN for every 20 shares of CYCN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Greenidge Generation Holdings Inc. Class A (GREE) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GREE for every 10 shares of GREE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Banner Acquisition Corp. Class A (BNNR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2850 per share in cash.

VMG Consumer Acquisition Corp. Class A (VMGA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3936 per share in cash.

Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. Class A (SDIG) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SDIG for every 10 shares of SDIG previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI) performed a ticker change to RVTY, and changed its corporate name to Revvity, Inc.

Monitronics International Inc (SCTY) performed a ticker change to SCTYQ.

Venator Materials PLC (VNTR) performed a ticker change to VNTRQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

May 15, 2023
Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (XBIO) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XBIO for every 10 shares of XBIO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Atlis Motor Vehicles, Inc. Class A (AMV) performed a ticker change to NXU, changed its corporate name to Nxu, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Galmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Ordinary Shares (GLMD) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GLMD for every 15 shares of GLMD previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Exela Technologies, Inc. (XELA) performed a 1 for 200 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XELA for every 200 shares of XELA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

BitNile Metaverse, Inc. (BNMV) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BNMV for every 30 shares of BNMV previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. (DSGR) performed a spinoff of DSGR^. For every 1 share of DSGR held, shareholders will receive 1 share of DSGR^.

Eastside Distilling, Inc. (EAST) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EAST for every 20 shares of EAST previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Alpine 4 Holdings, Inc. Class A (ALPP) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ALPP for every 8 shares of ALPP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

ReTo Eco-Solutions, Inc. (RETO) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RETO for every 10 shares of RETO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

LAVA Medtech Acquisition Corp. Class A (LVAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4409 per share in cash.

TravelCenters of America Inc. (TA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $86.0000 per share in cash.

Infobird Co., Ltd Ordinary Shares (IFBD) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IFBD for every 5 shares of IFBD previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Vyant Bio, Inc. (VYNT) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

CASTLE A M & CO (CTAM) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

UPHOLDINGS Compound Kings ETF (KNGS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Banner Acquisition Corp. Class A (BNNR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

May 12, 2023
Chembio Diagnostics, Inc. (CEMI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.4500 per share in cash.

Green Visor Financial Technology Acquisition Corp. I Class A Ordinary Shares (GVCI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.5915 per share in cash.

Sumo Logic, Inc. (SUMO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.0500 per share in cash.

Lipocine Inc. (LPCN) performed a 1 for 17 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LPCN for every 17 shares of LPCN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Aspira Women's Health Inc. (AWH) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AWH for every 15 shares of AWH previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Venus Concept Inc. (VERO) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VERO for every 15 shares of VERO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Freeline Therapeutics Holdings plc American Depositary Shares (FRLN) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FRLN for every 15 shares of FRLN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Silvergate Capital Corporation (SI) performed a ticker change to SICP. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

May 11, 2023
AVAYA HLDGS CORP COM (AVYAQ) was declared worthless.

Intelligent Medicine Acquisition Corp. Class A (IQMD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.0741 per share in cash.

Hepion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (HEPA) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HEPA for every 20 shares of HEPA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

7 Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares (SVNA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4911 per share in cash.

Vinco Ventures, Inc. (BBIG) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BBIG for every 20 shares of BBIG previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

IMV Inc. (IMV) performed a ticker change to IMVIQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

May 10, 2023
Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. (TNXP) performed a 4 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of TNXP for every 25 shares of TNXP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Green Visor Financial Technology Acquisition Corp. I Class A Ordinary Shares (GVCI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Progress Acquisition Corp. Class A (PGRW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

7 Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares (SVNA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

May 9, 2023
ALLIED HEALTHCARE PRODS INC (AHPI) performed a ticker change to AHPIQ.

Evo Acquisition Corp. Class A (EVOJ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

China Eastern Airlines Ltd Sponsored ADR Rep Class H (China) (CEAYY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Kimbell Tiger Acquisition Corporation (TGR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

May 8, 2023
Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. (JNCE) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $1.8500 and 1.0000 share of JNCE^ for each share of JNCE previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

INVACARE CORP (IVCRQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

NEWAGE INC (NBEVQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

May 5, 2023
Blockchain Moon Acquisition Corp. (BMAQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.5526 per share in cash.

B. Riley Principal 250 Merger Corp. Class A (BRIV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1891 per share in cash.

VanEck Semiconductor ETF (SMH) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SMH for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Simplify Exchange Traded Funds Simplify Nasdaq 100 PLUS Downside Convexity ETF (QQD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.2440 per share in cash.

Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (GTE) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GTE for every 10 shares of GTE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

NewHold Investment Corp. II Class A (NHIC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2912 per share in cash.

Simplify Exchange Traded Funds Simplify Nasdaq 100 PLUS Convexity ETF (QQC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.5023 per share in cash.

Simplify US Small Cap PLUS Downside Convexity ETF (RTYD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.5868 per share in cash.

Valor Latitude Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (VLAT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2771 per share in cash.

Simplify Volt Cloud and Cybersecurity Disruption ETF (VCLO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.4905 per share in cash.

Tailwind International Acquisition Corp. Class A (TWNFF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3603 per share in cash.

Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. (JNCE) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Banco Santander Mexico, S, A., Institucion de Banca Multiple, Grupo Financiero Santander Mexico (BSMX) was delisted pending an ADR termination.

May 4, 2023
Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Corp Class A Ordinary Shares (ADAL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4821 per share in cash.

GeneDx Holdings Corp. Class A (WGS) performed a 1 for 33 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WGS for every 33 shares of WGS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Maxar Technologies Inc. (MAXR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $53.0000 per share in cash.

Mullen Automotive, Inc. (MULN) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MULN for every 25 shares of MULN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Medalist Diversified REIT, Inc. (MDRR) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MDRR for every 8 shares of MDRR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

LANNETT INC COM NEW (LCIN) performed a ticker change to LCINQ.

Valor Latitude Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (VLAT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

May 3, 2023
FIRST REP BK SAN FRANCISCO CALIF NEW COM (FRC) performed a ticker change to FRCB. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) performed a ticker change to BBBYQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Anthemis Digital Acquisitions I Corp Class A Ordinary Shares (ADAL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Maxar Technologies Inc. (MAXR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

May 2, 2023
Limestone Bancorp, Inc. (LMST) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9000 post-split shares of PEBO for each old share of LMST previously held.

InterPrivate IV InfraTech Partners Inc. Class A (IPVI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2211 per share in cash.

VanEck ETF Trust VanEck Digital Assets Mining ETF (DAM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.4750 per share in cash.

Oak Street Health, Inc. (OSH) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $39.0000 per share in cash.

Invesco BLDRS Emerging Markets 50 ADR Index Fund Escrow (ADREZZZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.0426 per share in cash.

Trine II Acquisition Corp. (TRAQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4819 per share in cash.

REVLON INC (REVRQ) was declared worthless.

Core Laboratories N.V. (CLB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0000 post-split shares of CLB for each old share of CLB previously held.

AVAYA HLDGS CORP COM (AVYAQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

May 1, 2023
PLUS THERAPEUTICS, Inc. (PSTV) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PSTV for every 15 shares of PSTV previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Vislink Technologies, Inc. (VISL) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VISL for every 20 shares of VISL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

CIIG Capital Partners II, Inc. Class A (CIIG) performed a ticker change to ZAPP, changed its corporate name to Zapp Electric Vehicles Group Limited Ordinary Shares, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Roundhill Cannabis ETF (WEED) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WEED for every 5 shares of WEED previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

ETF Series Solutions Defiance Daily Short Digitizing the Economy ETF (IBIT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.927943 per share in cash.

Roundhill MEME ETF (MEME) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MEME for every 5 shares of MEME previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Agenus Inc. (AGEN) performed a spinoff of INKT. For every 1 share of AGEN held, shareholders will receive 0.0146 shares of INKT. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be retained.

Itau CorpBanca (ITCB) performed a ticker change to ITCL, and changed its corporate name to Banco Itau Chile.

ORION BIOTECH OPPORTUNITIES CORP CL A SHS (ORIA) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

SKYDECK ACQUISITION CORP CL A (SKYA) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

International Drawdown Managed Equity ETF (IDME) performed a ticker change to IDUB, and changed its corporate name to Aptus International Enhanced Yeild ETF.

Simplify Exchange Traded Funds Simplify Nasdaq 100 PLUS Convexity ETF (QQC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Simplify Exchange Traded Funds Simplify Nasdaq 100 PLUS Downside Convexity ETF (QQD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Simplify US Small Cap PLUS Downside Convexity ETF (RTYD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Simplify Volt Cloud and Cybersecurity Disruption ETF (VCLO) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

April 28, 2023
Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. (CSII) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.0000 per share in cash.

Imperial Petroleum Inc. Common Shares (IMPP) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IMPP for every 15 shares of IMPP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Lightning eMotors, Inc. (ZEV) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ZEV for every 20 shares of ZEV previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Provention Bio, Inc. (PRVB) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.0000 per share in cash.

National Energy Services Reunited Corp. Ordinary Shares (NESR) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Chembio Diagnostics, Inc. (CEMI) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

April 27, 2023
EzFill Holdings, Inc. (EZFL) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EZFL for every 8 shares of EZFL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Direxion Breakfast Commodities Strategy ETF (BRKY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.2063 per share in cash.

Eucrates Biomedical Acquisition Corp. (EUCR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily S&P 500 Equal Weight Bull 2X Shares (EVEN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.6505 per share in cash.

Horizon Acquisition Corporation II (HZON) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.3283 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Metal Miners Bull 2X Shares (MNM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $29.3113 per share in cash.

Direxion mRNA ETF (MSGR) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $13.1969 cash per each share of MSGR previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Direxion Daily Oil Services Bull 2X Shares (ONG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $29.0962 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Software Bull 2X Shares (SWAR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.3297 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily TIPS Bear 2X Shares (TIPD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.3644 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily TIPS Bull 2X Shares (TIPL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.4107 per share in cash.

Impac Mortgage Holdings Inc. (IMH) performed a ticker change to IMPM. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Intelligent Medicine Acquisition Corp. Class A (IQMD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

April 26, 2023
JX Luxventure Limited (JXJT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JXJT for every 10 shares of JXJT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

SharpLink Gaming Ltd. Ordinary Shares (SBET) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SBET for every 10 shares of SBET previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if the fraction is over 0.500000001 and rounded down if less than 0.500000001.

OBSEVA SA COM (Switzerland) (OBSVF) performed a ticker change to OBSVFZZ, changed its corporate name to ObsEva SA, Contra, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

RBND Escrow (RBND^) rights expired worthless.

RDMX Escrow (RDMX^) rights expired worthless.

REMG Escrow (REMG^) rights expired worthless.

Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy American Depositary Receipts - Unsponsored (GCTAY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

GigCapital 5, Inc. (GIAF) performed a ticker change to GIA.

Horizon Acquisition Corporation II (HZON) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

NewHold Investment Corp. II Class A (NHIC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

April 25, 2023
Calyxt, Inc. (CLXT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CLXT for every 10 shares of CLXT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

MoneyLion Inc. (ML) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ML for every 30 shares of ML previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

cbdMD, Inc. (YCBD) performed a 1 for 45 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of YCBD for every 45 shares of YCBD previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Alvarium Tiedemann Holdings, Inc. Class A (ALTI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

China Index Holdings Limited American Depository Shares (CIH) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.9500 per share in cash.

Blockchain Moon Acquisition Corp. (BMAQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

VanEck ETF Trust VanEck Digital Assets Mining ETF (DAM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

InterPrivate IV InfraTech Partners Inc. Class A (IPVI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

OBSEVA SA COM (Switzerland) (OBSVF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

April 24, 2023
BK Technologies Corporation (BKTI) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BKTI for every 5 shares of BKTI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

LogicMark, Inc. (LGMK) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LGMK for every 20 shares of LGMK previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Predictive Oncology Inc. (POAI) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of POAI for every 20 shares of POAI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Smart for Life, Inc. (SMFL) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SMFL for every 50 shares of SMFL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Vallon Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VLON) performed a ticker change to GRI and changed its corporate name to GRI Bio Inc. Vallon Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VLON) also performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GRI for every 30 shares of VLON previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Trean Insurance Group, Inc. (TIG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.1500 per share in cash.

Tio Tech A Class A Ordinary Share (TIOA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1901 per share in cash.

Direxion Breakfast Commodities Strategy ETF (BRKY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion Daily S&P 500 Equal Weight Bull 2X Shares (EVEN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Industrias Bachoco SAB De C.V. (IBA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion Daily Metal Miners Bull 2X Shares (MNM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion mRNA ETF (MSGR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion Daily Oil Services Bull 2X Shares (ONG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion Daily Software Bull 2X Shares (SWAR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion Daily TIPS Bear 2X Shares (TIPD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion Daily TIPS Bull 2X Shares (TIPL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

April 21, 2023
Foresight Autonomous Holdings Ltd. American Depositary Shares (FRSX) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FRSX for every 6 shares of FRSX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Orbital Infrastructure Group, Inc. (OIG) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OIG for every 40 shares of OIG previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Ouster, Inc. (OUST) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OUST for every 10 shares of OUST previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. (MSGE) performed a spinoff of MSGE. For every 1 share of MSGE (CUSIP 55826T102) held, shareholders will receive 1 share of MSGE (CUSIP 558256103).

Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. (MSGE) performed a ticker change to SPHR, and changed its corporate name to Sphere Entertainment Co.

April 20, 2023
Atlas Technical Consultants, Inc. Class A (ATCX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.2500 per share in cash.

CBRE Global Real Estate Income Fund Rights (IGR^) rights expired worthless.

Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) performed a ticker change to LCIN. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

April 19, 2023
SGS SA ADR (Switzerland) (SGSOY) performed a 5 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of SGSOY for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Actelis Networks, Inc. (ASNS) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ASNS for every 10 shares of ASNS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Verb Technology Company, Inc. (VERB) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VERB for every 40 shares of VERB previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

ETFMG 2x Daily Travel Tech ETF (AWYX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.33360782 per share in cash.

Panacea Acquisition Corp. II Class A Ordinary Shares (PANA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2556 per share in cash.

Pear Therapeutics, Inc. Class A (PEAR) performed a ticker change to PEARQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

April 18, 2023
Eaton Vance TaxManaged Buy-Write Strategy Fund (EXD) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.7504 new shares of ETV for each old share of EXD previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Nuveen Georgia Quality Municipal Income Fund (NKG) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8543 new shares of NZF for each old share of NKG previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Nuveen Ohio Quality Municipal Income Fund (NUO) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0669 new shares of NZF for each old share of NUO previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Canadian Pacific Railway (CP) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

SPDR Bloomberg SASB Corporate Bond ESG Select ETF (RBND) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $20.9589 cash per each share of RBND previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

SPDR Bloomberg SASB Developed Markets Ex US ESG Select ETF (RDMX) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $26.2064 cash per each share of RDMX previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

SPDR Bloomberg SASB Emerging Markets ESG Select ETF (REMG) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $23.7451 cash per each share of REMG previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

China Index Holdings Limited American Depository Shares (CIH) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

April 17, 2023
MEI Pharma, Inc. (MEIP) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MEIP for every 20 shares of MEIP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Minim, Inc. (MINM) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MINM for every 25 shares of MINM previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

TPG Pace Beneficial II Corp. (YTPG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

PolyMet Mining Corp Rights (PLM^) rights expired worthless.

AcuityAds Holdings Inc. (ATY) performed a ticker change to ILLM.

ETFMG 2x Daily Travel Tech ETF (AWYX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

DAVIDsTEA Inc. (DTEA) performed a ticker change to DTEAF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Eaton Vance TaxManaged Buy-Write Strategy Fund (EXD) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Kalera Public Limited Company Ordinary Shares (KAL) performed a ticker change to KALRQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Nuveen Georgia Quality Municipal Income Fund (NKG) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Nuveen Ohio Quality Municipal Income Fund (NUO) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

April 14, 2023
Arrival Ordinary Shares (ARVL) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ARVL for every 50 shares of ARVL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

dMY Technology Group, Inc. VI (DMYS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2036 per share in cash.

Games & Esports Experience Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (GEEX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.5372 per share in cash.

TCV Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (TCVA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2550 per share in cash.

Blue Safari Group Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share (BSGA) performed a ticker change to BTDR, changed its corporate name to Bitdeer Technologies Group Class A Ordinary Shares, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Sanchez Energy Corp (SNECQ) was declared worthless.

PLX PHARMA INC COM (PLXP) performed a ticker change to PLXPQ.

April 13, 2023
E-Home Household Service Holdings Limited Ordinary Shares (EJH) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EJH for every 10 shares of EJH previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Games & Esports Experience Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (GEEX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

PLX PHARMA INC COM (PLXP) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. (VORB) performed a ticker change to VORBQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

April 12, 2023
VBI Vaccines, Inc. New Common Stock (Canada) (VBIV) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VBIV for every 30 shares of VBIV previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

ContextLogic Inc. Class A (WISH) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WISH for every 30 shares of WISH previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Veolia Environnement American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (VEOEY) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of VEOEY for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Amryt Pharma plc American Depositary Shares (AMYT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.45 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Morgan Creek - Exos Active SPAC Arbitrage ETF (CSH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.74029926 per share in cash.

Neovasc Inc. (NVCN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

OTONOMY INC (OTIC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SPDR Bloomberg SASB Corporate Bond ESG Select ETF (RBND) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SPDR Bloomberg SASB Developed Markets Ex US ESG Select ETF (RDMX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SPDR Bloomberg SASB Emerging Markets ESG Select ETF (REMG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

April 11, 2023
Agile Therapeutics, Inc. (AGRX) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AGRX for every 50 shares of AGRX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Blackboxstocks Inc. (BLBX) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BLBX for every 4 shares of BLBX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

GameSquare Holdings (GAME) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GAME for every 4 shares of GAME previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Alpine Acquisition Corporation (REVE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.5584 per share in cash.

Shaw Communications Inc. (SJR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $29.8759 per share in cash.

Gelesis Holdings, Inc. (GLS) performed a ticker change to GLSH. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Telekom Austria AG (TKAGY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

April 10, 2023
AdvisorShares Trust AdvisorShares Dorsey Wright Alpha Equal Weight ETF (DWEQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.3870 per share in cash.

AdvisorShares North Square McKee Core Reserves ETF (HOLD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $97.7449 per share in cash.

Retail Value Inc. Common Shares (RVIC) performed a ticker change to RVICZZZ, changed its corporate name to Retail Value Inc. Common Shares Escrow, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

GigCapital 5, Inc. (GIA) performed a ticker change to GIAF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

April 6, 2023
Invesco BLDRS Emerging Markets 50 ADR Index Fund (ADRE) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $38.1650 cash per each share of ADRE previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions

Yamana Gold, Inc. (AUY) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $1.0406 and 0.0376 shares of AEM and 0.1598 shares of PAAS for each share of AUY previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco BulletShares 2023 USD Emerging Markets Debt ETF (BSCE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.4520 per share in cash.

Invesco BulletShares 2024 USD Emerging Markets Debt ETF (BSDE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.9833 per share in cash.

Invesco S&P SmallCap 600 Equal Weight ETF (EWSC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $67.5073 per share in cash.

iShares iBonds Mar 2023 Term Corporate ETF (IBDD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.5914 per share in cash.

Invesco S&P International Developed High Dividend Low Volatility ETF (IDHD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.1307 per share in cash.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco FTSE International Low Beta Equal Weight ETF (IDLB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.1511 per share in cash.

Invesco Investment Grade Value ETF (IIGV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.0880 per share in cash.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco RAFI Strategic Developed ex-US ETF (ISDX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.5457 per share in cash.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco RAFI Strategic Emerging Markets ETF (ISEM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.4719 per share in cash.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco RAFI Strategic US Small Company ETF (IUSS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $33.5790 per share in cash.

Invesco Focused Discovery Growth ETF (IVDG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0560 per share in cash.

Invesco US Large Cap Core ESG ETF (IVLC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.4823 per share in cash.

Invesco Select Growth ETF (IVSG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1710 per share in cash.

Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co. III (KVSC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1904 per share in cash.

Invesco Russell 1000 Enhanced Equal Weight ETF (USEQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $32.4547 per share in cash.

Invesco Russell 1000 Low Beta Equal Weight ETF (USLB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $35.7597 per share in cash.

dMY Technology Group, Inc. VI (DMYS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

CBRE Global Real Estate Income Fund Rights (IGR^) rights expired worthless.

April 5, 2023
The Alkaline Water Company Inc. (WTER) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WTER for every 15 shares of WTER previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Shin-Etsu Chemical Co Ltd Unsponsored ADR (Japan) (SHECY) performed a 5 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of SHECY for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

iShares iBonds Mar 2023 Term Corporate ex-Financials ETF (IBCE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.3608 per share in cash.

Codiak BioSciences, Inc. (CDAK) performed a ticker change to CDAKQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Palfinger AG Sponsored ADR (Austria) (PLFRY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Retail Value Inc. (RVIC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

April 4, 2023
Cryptyde, Inc. (TYDE) performed a ticker change to OCTO and changed its corporate name to Eightco Holdings Inc. Cryptyde, Inc. (TYDE) also performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OCTO for every 50 shares of TYDE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. (APEN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

Mustang Bio, Inc. (MBIO) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MBIO for every 15 shares of MBIO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

BEST Inc. American Depositary Shares, each representing five (5) Class A Ordinary Shares (BEST) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BEST for every 4 shares of BEST previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

NUVEEN INTERMEDIATE DURATION MUNICIPAL TERM FUND (NID) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $11.6956 cash per each share of NID previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Tokyo Electron Ltd Unsponsored ADR (Japan) (TOELY) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of TOELY for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Crane Holdings, Co. (CR) performed a ticker change to CXT, and changed its corporate name to Crane NXT, Co.

Crane NXT, Co. (CXT) performed a spinoff of CR. For every 1 share of CXT held, shareholders will receive 1 share of CR. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be retained.

Charah Solutions, Inc (CHRA) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Shaw Communications Inc. (SJR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Boxed, Inc. (BOXD) performed a ticker change to BOXDQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Tailwind International Acquisition Corp. (TWNI) performed a ticker change to TWNFF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

PolyMet Mining Corp Rights (PLM^) rights are no longer trading. The deadline to exercise is April 4, 2023.

April 3, 2023
China Natural Resources, Inc. (CHNR) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CHNR for every 5 shares of CHNR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

AgroFresh Solutions, Inc. (AGFS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.0000 per share in cash.

Adaptive High Income ETF (AHHX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.3524 per share in cash.

AI Quality Growth ETF (AQGX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.1521 per share in cash.

Aries I Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Share (RAM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4343 per share in cash.

Yamana Gold, Inc. (AUY) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

CALCIMEDICA INC (CALC) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Creatd Inc. (CRTD) performed a ticker change to VOCL.

AdvisorShares Trust AdvisorShares Dorsey Wright Alpha Equal Weight ETF (DWEQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

AdvisorShares North Square McKee Core Reserves ETF (HOLD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Minebea Mitsumi Inc American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (MNBEY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Sound Enhanced Fixed Income ETF (SDEF) performed a ticker change to FXED.

Sound Equity Income ETF (SDEI) performed a ticker change to DIVY.

March 31, 2023
Safehold Inc. (SAFE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

ISTAR INC (STAR) performed a spinoff of STHO. For every 1 share of STAR held, shareholders will receive 0.1530 shares of STHO. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be retained.

ISTAR INC (STAR) performed a ticker change to SAFE and changed its corporate name to Safehold Inc. ISTAR INC (STAR) also performed a 4 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of SAFE for every 25 shares of STAR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Ensysce Biosciences, Inc. (ENSC) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ENSC for every 12 shares of ENSC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Helbiz, Inc. Class A (HLBZ) performed a ticker change to MCOM and changed its corporate name to Micromobility.com Inc. Helbiz, Inc. Class A (HLBZ) also performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MCOM for every 50 shares of HLBZ previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Build Acquisition Corp. (BGSX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1751 per share in cash.

Corazon Capital V838 Monoceros Corp Class A Ordinary Shares (CRZN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2238 per share in cash.

LDH Growth Corp I Class A Ordinary Shares (LDHA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2370 per share in cash.

Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp. III (NGC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1407 per share in cash.

Rocket Internet Growth Opportunities Corp. (RKTA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1735 per share in cash.

Volta Inc. (VLTA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.8600 per share in cash.

DiamondHead Holdings Corp. Class A (DHHC) performed a ticker change to UHG, changed its corporate name to United Homes Group, Inc, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

G Medical Innovations Holdings Ltd. Ordinary Shares (GMVD) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Invesco BLDRS Emerging Markets 50 ADR Index Fund (ADRE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Adaptive High Income ETF (AHHX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

AI Quality Growth ETF (AQGX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

ASPEN GROUP INC (ASPU) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Invesco BulletShares 2023 USD Emerging Markets Debt ETF (BSCE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco BulletShares 2024 USD Emerging Markets Debt ETF (BSDE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco S&P SmallCap 600 Equal Weight ETF (EWSC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares iBonds Mar 2023 Term Corporate ex-Financials ETF (IBCE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares iBonds Mar 2023 Term Corporate ETF (IBDD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco S&P International Developed High Dividend Low Volatility ETF (IDHD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco FTSE International Low Beta Equal Weight ETF (IDLB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco Investment Grade Value ETF (IIGV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco RAFI Strategic Developed ex-US ETF (ISDX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco RAFI Strategic Emerging Markets ETF (ISEM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco RAFI Strategic US Small Company ETF (IUSS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco Focused Discovery Growth ETF (IVDG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 30, 2023
Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. (DCT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.0000 per share in cash.

Signify Health, Inc. (SGFY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.5000 per share in cash.

MSD Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (MSDA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2320 per share in cash.

Maxpro Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A (JMAC) performed a ticker change to APLM, changed its corporate name to Apollomics Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

CalciMedica, Inc. (CALC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 29, 2023
Nogin, Inc. (NOGN) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NOGN for every 20 shares of NOGN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

PSYK ETF (PSYK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.45809955 per share in cash.

Tech and Energy Transition Corporation Class A (TETC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1821 per share in cash.

Puhui Wealth Investment Management Co., Ltd. Ordinary Shares (PHCF) performed a ticker change to PHCFF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Signify Health, Inc. (SGFY) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

March 28, 2023
Monster Beverage Corporation (MNST) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of MNST for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

ROCKLEY PHOTONICS HLDGS LTD (RKLYQ) was declared worthless.

Atlas Corp. (ATCO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.50 per share in cash.

PSYK ETF (PSYK) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Signature Bank New York (SBNY) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

SVB Financial Group (SIVB) performed a ticker change to SIVBQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

March 27, 2023
Allarity Therapeutics, Inc. (ALLR) performed a 1 for 35 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ALLR for every 35 shares of ALLR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Creative Realities, Inc. (CREX) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CREX for every 3 shares of CREX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Midatech Pharma PLC American Depositary Shs (MTP) performed a ticker change to BDRX and changed its corporate name to Biodexa Pharmaceuticals PLC American Depositary Shares. Midatech Pharma PLC American Depositary Shs (MTP) also performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BDRX for every 4 shares of MTP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Altra Industrial Motion Corp. (AIMC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $62.0000 per share in cash.

EVO Payments, Inc. Class A (EVOP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $34.0000 per share in cash.

Colonnade Acquisition Corp. II (CLAA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2342 per share in cash.

Emerging Markets Horizon Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (HORI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4306 per share in cash.

Silver Spike Acquisition Corp II Class A Ordinary Shares (SPKB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2264 per share in cash.

Supernova Partners Acquisition Company III, Ltd. (STRE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2235 per share in cash.

TB SA Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Share (TBSA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2250 per share in cash.

Corazon Capital V838 Monoceros Corp Class A Ordinary Shares (CRZN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending

Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp. III (NGC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending

NUVEEN INTERMEDIATE DURATION MUNICIPAL TERM FUND (NID) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending

Rocket Internet Growth Opportunities Corp. (RKTA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending

March 24, 2023
Cuentas, Inc. (CUEN) performed a 1 for 13 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CUEN for every 13 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Freight Technologies, Inc. (FRGT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FRGT for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Focus Universal Inc. (FCUV) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of FCUV for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Greene County Bancorp, Inc. (GCBC) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of GCBC for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

KludeIn I Acquisition Corp. (INKA) performed a ticker change to NIR, changed its corporate name to Near Intelligence Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Independence Holdings Corp. (ACQR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2281 per share in cash.

Dragoneer Growth Opportunities Corp. (DGNU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

ESM Acquisition Corporation (ESM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2254 per share in cash.

Levere Holdings Corp. (LVRA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2303 per share in cash.

EA Series Trust The Generation Z ETF (ZGEN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.0861 per share in cash.

Swedish Match AB Frueher Svenska Taendsticks AB (SWMAY) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $10.7669 cash per each share of SWMAY previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow SWMAYZZ, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

LDH Growth Corp (LDHA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 23, 2023
IAA, Inc. (IAA) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $12.8000 and 0.5252 shares of RBA for each share of IAA previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Protagenic Therapeutics, Inc. (PTIX) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PTIX for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

SVF Investment Corp. (SVFB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2227 per share in cash.

AlerisLife Inc. (ALR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive 1.3100 per share in cash.

Pine Technology Acquisition Corp. (PTOC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1704 per share in cash.

Alpha Architect Tail Risk ETF (CAOS) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CAOS for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Redhill Biopharma Ltd. American Depositary Shares (RDHL) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RDHL for every 40 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

T Stamp Inc. (IDAI) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IDAI for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

ObsEva (OBSV) performed a ticker change to OBSVF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

SIO GENE THERAPIES INC (SIOX) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Qutoutiao Inc. (QTT) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

March 22, 2023
Baosheng Media Group Holdings Limited Ordinary shares (BAOS) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BAOS for every 6 shares of BAOS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Luokung Technology Corp Ordinary Shares (LKCO) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LKCO for every 30 shares of LKCO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Via Renewables, Inc. Class A (VIA) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VIA for every 5 shares of VIA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

CASI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CASI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Oyster Point Pharma, CVR (OYST^) rights expired worthless.

IsoPlexis Corporation (ISO) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6120 new shares of BLI for each old share of ISO previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Berkeley Lights, Inc. (BLI) performed a ticker change to CELL, and changed its corporate name to PhenomeX Inc.

March 21, 2023
Meridian Corporation (MRBK) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of MRBK for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

GX Acquisition Corp. II Class A (GXII) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.1183 new shares of NB for each old share of GXII previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

JATT Acquisition Corp (JATT) performed a ticker change to ZURA, changed its corporate name to Zura Bio Ltd., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Kadem Sustainable Impact Corporation Class A (KSI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1726 per share in cash.

VPC Impact Acquisition Holdings II Class A ordinary share (VPCB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2174 per share in cash.

AlerisLife Inc. (ALR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Graybug Vision, Inc. (GRAY) performed a ticker change to CALC, and changed its corporate name to CalciMedica, Inc.

IAA, Inc. (IAA) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Loyalty Ventures Inc. (LYLT) performed a ticker change to LYLTQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Ecoark Holdings, Inc. (ZEST) performed a ticker change to BNMV, and changed its corporate name to BitNile Metaverse, Inc.

March 20, 2023
Graybug Vision, Inc. (GRAY) performed a 1 for 14 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GRAY for every 14 shares of GRAY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings (AAWW) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $102.5000 per share in cash.

Live Oak Mobility Acquisition Corp. (LOKM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1711 per share in cash.

ADARA ACQUISITION CORP (ADRA) performed a ticker change to AENT, changed its corporate name to Alliance Entertainment Holding Corporation, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Fast Radius, Inc. Class A (FSRDQ) was declared worthless.

Membership Collective Group Inc. (MCG) performed a ticker change to SHCO, and changed its corporate name to Soho House & Co Inc.

GX Acquisition Corp. II Class A (GXII) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

EA Series Trust The Generation Z ETF (ZGEN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 17, 2023
First Reserve Sustainable Growth Corp. Class A (FRSG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1718 per share in cash.

Warburg Pincus Capital Corporation I-A (WPCA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2125 per share in cash.

Warburg Pincus Capital Corporation I-B (WPCB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2133 per share in cash.

Summit Healthcare Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share (SMIH) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.4286 post-split shares of YS for each old share of SMIH previously held.

Fresh Vine Wine, Inc. Rights (VINE^) rights expired worthless.

Build Acquisition Corp. (BGSX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Kadem Sustainable Impact Corporation Class A (KSI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 16, 2023
Good Works II Acquisition Corp. (GWII) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $10.1552 and 1 shares of GWII^ for each share of GWII previously held. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Frontier Acquisition Corp. (FRON) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2073 per share in cash.

FTAC Parnassus Acquisition Corp. (FTPA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1737 per share in cash.

McLaren Technology Acquisition Corp. (MLAI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3856 per share in cash.

Peridot Acquisition Corp. II (PDOT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1992 per share in cash.

America Movil SAB de CV (AMOV) performed a ticker change to AMX and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

ArcelorMittal South Africa Sponsored ADR (South Africa) (AMSIY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

ROCKLEY PHOTONICS HLDGS LTD (RKLYQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical Co Ltd American Depositary Shares (SHIIY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 15, 2023
Cloopen Group Holding Limited American Depositary Shares, each representing two Class A Ordinary Shares (RAAS) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RAAS for every 3 shares of RAAS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Inpixon (INPX) performed a spinoff of CXAI. For every 1 share of INPX held, shareholders will receive 0.0975 shares of CXAI. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be retained.

Inpixon (INPX) performed a spinoff of CXAIZZZ. For every 1 share of INPX held, shareholders will receive 0.3458 shares of CXAIZZZ. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be retained.

KINS Technology Group Inc. Class A (KINZ) performed a ticker change to CXAI, changed its corporate name to CXApp Holding Corp, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

F-star Therapeutics, Inc. (FSTX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.1200 per share in cash.

Lead Edge Growth Opportunities, Ltd Class A Ordinary Shares (LEGA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2053 per share in cash.

Shinsei Bank Ltd Tokyo Sponsored ADR (Japan) (SKLKY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.5216 per share in cash.

Mohr Sector Nav ETF (ENAV) performed a ticker change to SNAV.

SOUTH JERSEY INDS INC CORP UNIT (New Jersey) (SJIV) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

March 14, 2023
Dermata Therapeutics, Inc. (DRMA) performed a 1 for 16 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DRMA for every 16 shares of DRMA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Delaware Investments Dividend & Income Fund, Inc. (DDF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8018 new shares of AGD for each old share of DDF previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

DELAWARE ENHANCED GLOBAL DIVIDEND & INCOME FUND (DEX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8357 new shares of AGD for each old share of DEX previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Delaware Ivy High Income Opportunities Fund (IVH) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.6151 new shares of ACP for each old share of IVH previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Macquarie Global Infrastructure Total Return Fund, Inc. (MGU) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.3290 new shares of ASGI for each old share of MGU previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Myovant Sciences Ltd. (MYOV) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.0000 per share in cash.

Vanguard S&P Mid-Cap 400 Growth ETF (IVOG) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of IVOG for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Vanguard S&P Mid-Cap 400 ETF (IVOO) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of IVOO for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Vanguard S&P Mid-Cap 400 Value ETF (IVOV) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of IVOV for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Vanguard S&P Small-Cap 600 Growth ETF (VIOG) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of VIOG for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Vanguard S&P Small-Cap 600 ETF (VIOO) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of VIOO for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Vanguard S&P Small-Cap 600 Value ETF (VIOV) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of VIOV for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Happiness Development Group Limited Class A Ordinary Shares (HAPP) performed a ticker change to PAVS, and changed its corporate name to Paranovus Entertainment Tech.

TB SA Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Share (TBSA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 13, 2023
ASLAN Pharmaceuticals Limited American Depositary Shares (ASLN) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ASLN for every 5 shares of ASLN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Kiromic BioPharma, Inc. (KRBP) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KRBP for every 30 shares of KRBP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

First Eagle Alternative Capital BDC, Inc. (FCRD) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $1.1697 and 0.2209 shares of CCAP for each share of FCRD previously held.

Vivint Smart Home, Inc. Class A (VVNT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.0000 per share in cash.

Agile Growth Corp. Class A Ordinary Share (AGGR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2064 per share in cash.

Ibere Pharmaceuticals (IBER) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2048 per share in cash.

Peridot Acquisition Corp. II (PDOT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Colonnade Acquisition Corp. II (CLAA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

DELAWARE ENHANCED GLOBAL DIVIDEND & INCOME FUND (DEX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Delaware Ivy High Income Opportunities Fund (IVH) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Macquarie Global Infrastructure Total Return Fund, Inc. (MGU) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Delaware Investments Dividend & Income Fund, Inc. (DDF) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Independence Holdings Corp. Class A Ordinary Share (ACQR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Emerging Markets Horizon Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (HORI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Pine Technology Acquisition Corp. Class A (PTOC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

CORP RES SVCS INC (CRRSQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 10, 2023
Orchard Therapeutics plc American Depositary Shares (ORTX) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ORTX for every 10 shares of ORTX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Invesco DB G10 Currency Harvest Fund (DBV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.7009 per share in cash.

FinTech Evolution Acquisition Group (FTEV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2152 per share in cash.

SiriusPoint Ltd. Contingent Value Rights (Bermuda) (SSPCF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.4095 per share in cash.

Invesco DB Silver Fund (DBS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.5361 per share in cash.

Invesco DB Gold Fund (DGL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $51.5314 per share in cash.

Titan Medical Inc. Ordinary Shares (TMDI) performed a ticker change to TMDIF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Warburg Pincus Capital Corporation I-A (WPCA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Warburg Pincus Capital Corporation I-B (WPCB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

ESM Acquisition Corporation (ESM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SVF Investment Corp. 2 Class A Ordinary Shares (SVFB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

F-star Therapeutics, Inc. (FSTX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

First Eagle Alternative Capital BDC, Inc. (FCRD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Myovant Sciences Ltd. (MYOV) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Vivint Smart Home, Inc. Class A (VVNT) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

First Eagle Alternative Capital BDC, Inc. 5.00% Notes due 2026 (FCRX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 9, 2023
Akanda Corp. (AKAN) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AKAN for every 10 shares of AKAN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Kaleyra, Inc. (KLR) performed a 1 for 3.5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KLR for every 3.5 shares of KLR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

New York Mortgage Trust, Inc. (NYMT) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NYMT for every 4 shares of NYMT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Far Peak Acquisition Corporation (FPAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2151 per share in cash.

Arbor Rapha Capital Bioholdings Corp. I Class A (ARCK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2500 per share in cash.

Acacia Research Corporation (Acacia Tech) Non Transferable Rights (ACTG^) rights expired worthless.

SRAX INC (SRAX) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

SiriusPoint Ltd. Contingent Value Rights (Bermuda) (SSPCF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 8, 2023
Sesen Bio, Inc. (SESN) performed a ticker change to CARM and changed its corporate name to Carisma Therapeutics Inc. Sesen Bio, Inc. (SESN) also performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CARM for every 20 shares of SESN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Shift Technologies, Inc. Class A (SFT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SFT for every 10 shares of SFT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

VEON Ltd. ADS (VEON) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VEON for every 25 shares of VEON previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Concert Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CNCE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.00 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

O2Micro International Limited American Depositary Shares (OIIM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.9500 per share in cash.

FTAC Hera Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (HERA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2033 per share in cash.

Castor Maritime Inc. (CTRM) performed a spinoff of TORO. For every 1 share of CTRM held, shareholders will receive 0.1000 shares of TORO.

Lionheart III Corp Class A (LION) performed a ticker change to SMX, changed its corporate name to Security Matters Public Limited Company, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change

Summit Therapeutics Inc. Rights (SMMT^) rights expired worthless.

First Reserve Sustainable Growth Corp. Class A (FRSG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Far Peak Acquisition Corporation (FPAC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 7, 2023
iPath Series B S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures ETN (VXX) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VXX for every 4 shares of VXX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Getnet Adquirencia e Servicos para Meios de Pagamento S.A. American Depositary Shares (GET) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.8999 per share in cash.

ZAGG Inc., Contra CVR (ZAGG^) rights expired worthless.

Canon, Inc. (CAJ) performed a ticker change to CAJPY. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Concert Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CNCE) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Live Oak Mobility Acquisition Corp. (LOKM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Rubius Therapeutics, Inc. (RUBY) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

China Southern Airlines Ltd Sponsored ADR Rep 50 Shs Class H (China) (ZNHYY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 6, 2023
China Pharma Holdings, Inc. (CPHI) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CPHI for every 10 shares of CPHI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Harbor Custom Development, Inc. (HCDI) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HCDI for every 20 shares of HCDI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Assure Holdings Corp. (IONM) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IONM for every 20 shares of IONM previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Albireo Pharma, Inc. (ALBO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $42.00 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

HPX Corp. (HPX) performed a ticker change to AMBI, changed its corporate name to Ambipar Emergency Response, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Lucira Health, Inc. (LHDX) performed a ticker change to LHDXQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

FinTech Evolution Acquisition Group (FTEV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco DB G10 Currency Harvest Fund (DBV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco DB Silver Fund (DBS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

O2Micro International Limited American Depositary Shares (OIIM) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

McLaren Technology Acquisition Corp. Class A (MLAI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco DB Gold Fund (DGL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 3, 2023
Arctos NorthStar Acquisition Corp. (ANAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1972 per share in cash.

KKR Income Opportunities Fund Rights (KIO^) rights expired worthless.

European Biotech Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (EBAC) performed a ticker change to OCS, changed its corporate name to Oculis Holding SA, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

CYREN Ltd. Ordinary Shares (CYRN) performed a ticker change to CYRNQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Albireo Pharma, Inc. (ALBO) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

ECMOHO LTD American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (Cayman Islands) (MOHOY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Fast Radius, Inc. Class A (FSRDQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Opiant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (OPNT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 2, 2023
Resolute Forest Products Inc. (RFP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.50 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Opiant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (OPNT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.00 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.7500 per share in cash.

Cowen Inc. Class A (COWN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $39.0000 per share in cash.

Umpqua Holdings Corporation (UMPQ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5958 new shares of COLB for each old share of UMPQ previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

TUI AG Unsponsored ADR representing Namen AKT (Germany) (TUIFY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.9834 per share in cash.

New Vista Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares (NVSA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1846 per share in cash.

Impact Shares Sustainable Development Goals Global Equity ETF (SDGA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.4291 per share in cash.

Linde plc Ordinary Share (LIN) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

American Strategic Investment Co. Rights (NYC^) rights expired worthless.

Ibere Pharmaceuticals (IBER) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Clarus Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (CRXTQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 1, 2023
Arcadia Biosciences, Inc. (RKDA) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RKDA for every 40 shares of RKDA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Carney Technology Acquisition Corp. II Class A (CTAQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2167 per share in cash.

Defiance Digital Revolution ETF (NFTZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.4202 per share in cash.

Newday Sustainable Development Equity ETF (SDGS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.70613654 per share in cash.

ABG Acquisition Corp. I Class A Ordinary Shares (ABGI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1883 per share in cash.

Elevate Credit, Inc. (ELVT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.8700 per share in cash.

Mount Rainier Acquisition Corp. (RNER) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8990 new shares of HUBC for each old share of RNER previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

TPB Acquisition Corporation I Class A Ordinary Share (TPBA) performed a ticker change to LVRO, changed its corporate name to Lavoro Limited, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

KemPharm, Inc. (KMPH) performed a ticker change to ZVRA, and changed its corporate name to Zevra Therapeutics, Inc.

iShares MSCI Global Multifactor ETF (ACWF) performed a ticker change to GLOF, and changed its corporate name to iShares Global Equity Factor ETF.

PIVOTAL INVT CORP III (PICC) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Resolute Forest Products Inc. (RFP) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

February 28, 2023
Coupa Software Incorporated (COUP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $81.0000 per share in cash.

UBC Algorithmic Fundamentals ETF (UBCB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.472828 per share in cash.

Mercurity Fintech Holding Inc. ADS (MFH) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9000 new shares of MFH for each old share of MFH previously held.

HYRECAR INC (HYRE) performed a ticker change to HYREQ.

New PubCo (AMBI) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

HPX Corp. (HPX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Elevate Credit, Inc. (ELVT) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

New Vista Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares (NVSA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

NEW IRELAND FUND INC (IRL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

ABG Acquisition Corp. I Class A Ordinary Shares (ABGI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Defiance Digital Revolution ETF (NFTZ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are stil

February 27, 2023
Counter Press Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Share (CPAQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3374 per share in cash.

KISMET ACQUISITION THREE CORP. Ordinary Shares (KIII) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1875 per share in cash.

Principal Ultra-Short Active Income ETF (USI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.1858 per share in cash.

CinCor Pharma, Inc. (CINC) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $26.0000 and 1 share of CINC^ for each share of CINC previously held.

Decarbonization Plus Acquisition Corporation IV Class A Ordinary Share (DCRD) performed a ticker change to HHRS, changed its corporate name to Hammerhead Energy Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Aptorum Group Limited (APM) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Rent-A-Center Inc. (RCII) performed a ticker change to UPBD, and changed its corporate name to Upbound Group, Inc.

MICT, Inc. (MICT) performed a ticker change to TIO, and changed its corporate name to Tingo Group, Inc.

Kismet Acquisition Two Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (KAII) performed a ticker change to QDRO, and changed its corporate name to Quadro Acquisition One Corp.

Impact Shares Sustainable Development Goals Global Equity ETF (SDGA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Arctos NorthStar Acquisition Corp. (ANAC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

New Vista Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares (NVSA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

CinCor Pharma, Inc. (CINC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

February 24, 2023
Windtree Therapeutics, Inc. (WINT) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WINT for every 50 shares of WINT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

IMARA Inc. (IMRA) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to ELVN. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ELVN for every 4 shares of IMRA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

World Quantum Growth Acquisition Corp. (WQGA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2944 per share in cash.

Zogenix, Inc. CVR (ZGNX^) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.0000 per share in cash.

Paya Holdings Inc. Class A (PAYA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.7500 per share in cash.

FTAC Athena Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share (FTAA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1908 per share in cash.

Direxion Nanotechnology ETF (TYNE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.2555 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily US Infrastructure Bull 2X Shares (DOZR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.5867 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X Shares (CHAD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.4396 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily FinTech Bull 2X Shares (FNTC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.7471 per share in cash.

KISMET ACQUISITION THREE CORP. Ordinary Shares (KIII) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

February 23, 2023
Reliance Global Group, Inc. (RELI) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RELI for every 15 shares of RELI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

LHC Group (LHCG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $170.0000 per share in cash.

1Life Healthcare, Inc. (ONEM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.0000 per share in cash.

Baytex Energy Corp Common Stock (Canada) (BTEGF) performed a ticker change to BTE, and changed its corporate name to Baytex Energy Corp.

Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. (SRNE) performed a ticker change to SRNEQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Paya Holdings Inc. Class A (PAYA) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

February 22, 2023
Esports Entertainment Group Inc. (GMBL) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GMBL for every 100 shares of GMBL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Amesite Inc. (AMST) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AMST for every 12 shares of AMST previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Weber Inc. (WEBR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.0500 per share in cash.

Starry Group Holdings Inc Class A (STRY) performed a ticker change to STRYQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

New Vista Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares (NVSA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Newday Sustainable Development Equity ETF (SDGS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Lazard Growth Acquisition Corp. I Ordinary Shares (LGAC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

February 21, 2023
Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (MCAE) performed a ticker change to ETAO, changed its corporate name to Etao International Co., Ltd Ordinary Share, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Micro Focus International plc. American Depositary Shares, each representing One Ordinary Share (MFGP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.4255 per share in cash.

IsoRay, Inc. (ISR) performed a ticker change to CATX, and changed its corporate name to Perspective Therapeutics, Inc.

Weber Inc. (WEBR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Direxion Daily FinTech Bull 2X Shares (FNTC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion Daily US Infrastructure Bull 2X Shares (DOZR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X Shares (CHAD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Medicus Sciences Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share (MSAC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Principal Ultra-Short Active Income ETF (USI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion Nanotechnology ETF (TYNE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

February 17, 2023
PLBY Group, Inc. Rights (PLBY^) rights expired worthless.

Ascendant Digital Acquisition Corp. III (ACDI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3863 per share in cash.

February 16, 2023
Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp (SHIP) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SHIP for every 10 shares of SHIP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Legato Merger Corp. II (LGTO) performed a ticker change to SLND, changed its corporate name to Southland Holdings, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

CENAQ Energy Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (CENQ) performed a ticker change to VGAS, changed its corporate name to Verde Clean Fuels, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Avaya Holdings Corp. (AVYA) performed a ticker change to AVYAQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Partner Communications Company Ltd. American Depositary Shares (PTNR) performed a ticker change to PTNRY. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

REEDS INC COM NEW (REED) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Ascendant Digital Acquisition Corp. III (ACDI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

February 15, 2023
Athenex, Inc. (ATNX) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ATNX for every 20 shares of ATNX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

ContraFect Corporation (CFRX) performed a 1 for 80 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CFRX for every 80 shares of CFRX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

electroCore, Inc. (ECOR) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ECOR for every 15 shares of ECOR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Itiquira Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (ITQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1760 per share in cash.

Mason Industrial Technology, Inc. (MIT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1496 per share in cash.

On Track Innovations Ltd (OTIVF) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.0599 per share in cash.

Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp Class A (AEHA) performed a ticker change to OCEA, changed its corporate name to Ocean Biomedical, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

DOVA CVR (DOVA^) rights expired worthless.

TUESDAY MORNING CORP NEW (TUEM) performed a ticker change to TUEMQ.

MASON INDL TECHNOLOGY INC Warrant 01/28/2026 (MITGW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Carney Technology Acquisition Corp. II Class A (CTAQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Procure ETF Trust II Procure Disaster Recovery Strategy ETF (FEMA) performed a ticker change to FIXT.

February 14, 2023
Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. (CRBP) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CRBP for every 30 shares of CRBP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Velodyne Lidar, Inc. (VLDR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8204 post-split shares of OUST for each old share of VLDR previously held.

Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share (IPAX) performed a ticker change to LUNR, changed its corporate name to Intuitive Machines, Inc. Class A, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

FFBW INC MD COM (Maryland) (FFBW) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

6D Global Technologies, Inc. (SIXD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

World Quantum Growth Acquisition Corp. (WQGA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

UBC Algorithmic Fundamentals ETF (UBCB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

ELEMENTS Linked to the ICE BofAML Commodity Index eXtra Grains Total Return (GRU) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

February 13, 2023
Aprea Therapeutics, Inc. (APRE) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of APRE for every 20 shares of APRE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Direxion Daily Select Large Caps & FANGs Bull 2X Shares (FNGG) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FNGG for every 10 shares of FNGG previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Genius Brands International, Inc. (GNUS) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GNUS for every 10 shares of GNUS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

VYNE Therapeutics Inc. (VYNE) performed a 1 for 18 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VYNE for every 18 shares of VYNE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Qumu Corporation (QUMU) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.9000 per share in cash.

Biotech Acquisition Company Class A Ordinary Shares (BIOT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1737 per share in cash.

DTRT Health Acquisition Corp. Class A (DTRT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2931 per share in cash.

G Squared Ascend I Inc. (GSQD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1881 per share in cash.

KFA Large Cap Quality Dividend Index ETF (KLCD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $29.3316 per share in cash.

KFA Small Cap Quality Dividend Index ETF (KSCD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.663 per share in cash.

Seaport Calibre Materials Acquisition Corp. Class A (SCMA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1500 per share in cash.

ScION Tech Growth II Class A Ordinary Shares (SCOB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1907 per share in cash.

Pathfinder Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Shares (PFDR) performed a ticker change to MVLA, changed its corporate name to MOVELLA HLDGS, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

ADARA ACQUISITION CORP (ADRA) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

ELEMENTS Linked to the ICE BofAML Commodity Index eXtra Biofuels Total Return (FUE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

February 10, 2023
ComSovereign Holding Corp. (COMS) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of COMS for every 100 shares of COMS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Guardforce AI Co., Limited Ordinary Shares (GFAI) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GFAI for every 40 shares of GFAI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc. (INBS) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of INBS for every 20 shares of INBS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Soligenix, Inc. (SNGX) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SNGX for every 15 shares of SNGX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

AMCI Acquisition Corp. II Class A (AMCI) performed a ticker change to LNZA, changed its corporate name to LanzaTech Global, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

G SQUARED ASCEND I INC Warrant 02/01/2026 (GSQDW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

TARONIS TECHNOLOGIES INC (TRNX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

February 9, 2023
Cazoo Group Ltd (CZOO) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CZOO for every 20 shares of CZOO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

NanoVibronix, Inc. (NAOV) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NAOV for every 20 shares of NAOV previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc. (MIGI) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MIGI for every 6 shares of MIGI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

North Atlantic Acquisition Corporation Class A Ordinary Share (NAAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1836 per share in cash.

Destination Maternity Corp (DESTQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

G Squared Ascend I Inc. (GSQD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

METACRINE INC (MTCR) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Qumu Corporation (QUMU) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

February 8, 2023
PACCAR Inc. (PCAR) distributed a stock dividend of 0.5000 per share. Shareholders received 0.5000 additional shares for every share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Digital Ally, Inc. (DGLY) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DGLY for every 20 shares of DGLY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Global Boatworks Hldgs Inc (GBBT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

February 7, 2023
Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LCI for every 4 shares of LCI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

D and Z Media Acquisition Corp. (DNZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1745 per share in cash.

FoxWayne Enterprises Acquisition Corp. Class A (FOXW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1750 per share in cash.

Provident Financial Plc Sponsored ADR (UK) (FPLPY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.5570 per share in cash.

IQ S&P High Yield Low Volatility Bond ETF (HYLV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.0199 per share in cash.

IQ Hedge Macro Tracker (MCRO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.8207 per share in cash.

IQ Hedge Event-Driven Tracker ETF (QED) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.9200 per share in cash.

IQ Hedge Long/Short Tracker ETF (QLS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.0995 per share in cash.

IQ Hedge Market Neutral Tracker ETF (QMN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.8490 per share in cash.

RiverNorth Capital and Income Fund, Inc. (RSF^) rights expired worthless.

February 6, 2023
Catalyst Partners Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share (CPAR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1791 per share in cash.

Pono Capital Corp Class A (PONO) performed a ticker change to AWIN, changed its corporate name to AERWINS Technologies Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

CINCINNATI BANCORP INC COM (CNNB) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Mega Matrix Corp. (MTMT) performed a ticker change to MPU.

February 3, 2023
South Jersey Industries, Inc. (SJI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $36.0000 per share in cash.

STORE Capital Corporation (STOR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $32.2500 per share in cash.

IMI PLC Sponsored American Depository Receipt (United Kingdom) (IMIAY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $34.7028 per share in cash.

ALLIED HEALTHCARE PRODS INC (AHPI) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Biotech Acquisition Company Class A Ordinary Shares (BIOT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

China Eastern Airlines (CEA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

HyreCar Inc. (HYRE) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Mason Industrial Technology, Inc. (MIT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Seaport Calibre Materials Acquisition Corp. Class A (SCMA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

China Southern Airlines Company Limited (ZNH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

February 2, 2023
Dynatronics Corporation (DYNT) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DYNT for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

KnowBe4, Inc. (KNBE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.9000 per share in cash.

Eisai Co Ltd (ESALY) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 4.0000 new shares of ESALY Unsponsored Depositary Receipt for each old share of ESALY previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

WAITR HLDGS INC (ASAP) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Calithera Biosciences, Inc. (CALA) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

DTRT Health Acquisition Corp (DTRT) was delisted pending a stock merger. Details are still pending.

Invacare Corporation (IVC) performed a ticker change to IVCRQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

KFA Large Cap Quality Dividend Index ETF (KLCD) was delisted pending a stock merger. Details are still pending.

KFA Small Cap Quality Dividend Index ETF (KSCD) was delisted pending a stock merger. Details are still pending.

February 1, 2023
FVCBankcorp, Inc. (FVCB) performed a 5 for 4 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of FVCB for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Revelation Biosciences, Inc. (REVB) performed a 1 for 35 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of REVB for every 35 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Tailwind Acquisition Corp. (TWND) performed a ticker change to BURU, changed its corporate name to NUBURU INC, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Meridian Bioscience Inc. (VIVO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $34.0000 per share in cash.

Future FinTech Group Inc. (FTFT) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FTFT for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Liminal BioSciences Inc. (LMNL) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LMNL for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

APEX HealthCare ETF (APXH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.8909 per share in cash.

Professional Holding Corp. (PFHD) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8909 new shares of SBCF for each old share of PFHD previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Apeiron Capital Investment Corp. (APN) performed a ticker change to APNC. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Catalyst Partners Acquisition Corp. (CPAR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

IQ S&P High Yield Low Volatility Bond ETF (HYLV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

JPMorgan U.S. Aggregate Bond ETF (JAGG) performed a ticker change to BBAG.

JPMorgan Corporate Bond Research Enhanced ETF (JIGB) performed a ticker change to BBCB.

JPMorgan Research Enhanced High Yield ETF (JPHY) performed a ticker change to BBHY.

IQ Hedge Macro Tracker (MCRO) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Parabellum Acquisition Corp. (PRBM) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

IQ Hedge Event-Driven Tracker ETF (QED) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

IQ Hedge Long/Short Tracker ETF (QLS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

IQ Hedge Market Neutral Tracker ETF (QMN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

South Jersey Industries, Inc. (SJI) was delisted pending a stock merger. Details are still pending.

January 31, 2023
Homeserve PLC (HMSVY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $29.6164 per share in cash.

Eisai Co Ltd (ESALY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Excellon Resources Inc. (EXN) performed a ticker change to EXNRF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Micro Focus International plc. (MFGP) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Olympus Corporation (OCPNY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

San Miguel Corp (SMGBY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

January 30, 2023
Freightos Limited (CRGO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Gesher I Acquisition Corp. (GIAC) performed a ticker change to CRGO, changed its corporate name to Freightos Limited, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

D and Z Media Acquisition Corp. (DNZ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

FoxWayne Enterprises Acquisition Corp. (FOXW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

January 27, 2023
Marker Therapeutics, Inc. (MRKR) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MRKR for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

FOMO ETF (FOMO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.7489 per share in cash.

Summit Wireless Technologies, Inc. (WISA) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WISA for every 100 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Reeds, Inc. (REED) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of REED for every 50 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Thrive Acquisition Corporation (THAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3612 per share in cash.

SVF Investment Corp. (SVFA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1586 per share in cash.

Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation (HSAQ) performed a ticker change to OBIO, changed its corporate name to ORCHESTRA BIOMED HLDG, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Amberwave Invest USA JSG Fund (IUSA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.9215 per share in cash.

Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp (MEAC) performed a ticker change to SEPA, and changed its corporate name to SEP Acquisition Corp.

North Atlantic Acquisition Corporation (NAAC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

January 26, 2023
Edible Garden AG Incorporated (EDBL) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EDBL for every 30 shares of EDBL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Phio Pharmaceuticals Corp. (PHIO) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PHIO for every 12 shares of PHIO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Swvl Holdings Corp Class A Common Shares (SWVL) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SWVL for every 25 shares of SWVL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Volt Crypto Industry and Equity ETF (BTCR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.7212 per share in cash.

AXS De-SPAC ETF (DSPC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.7712 per share in cash.

IG Acquisition Corp. Class A (IGAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1200 per share in cash.

Motus Holdings Limited Sponsored ADR (South Africa) (MOTUY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.3951 per share in cash.

Blucora, Inc. (BCOR) performed a ticker change to AVTA, and changed its corporate name to Avantax, Inc.

Gesher I Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (GIAC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Thrive Acquisition Corporation Class A ordinary shares (THAC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

January 25, 2023
Cemtrex Inc. (CETX) performed a 1 for 35 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CETX for every 35 shares of CETX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

2x Long VIX Futures ETF (UVIX) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of UVIX for every 5 shares of UVIX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Benefitfocus, Inc. (BNFT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.5000 per share in cash.

Authentic Equity Acquisition Corp. Class A ordinary share (AEAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1520 per share in cash.

Macondray Capital Acquisition Corp. I Class A Ordinary Shares (DRAY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2578 per share in cash.

Powered Brands Class A Ordinary Shares (POW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1594 per share in cash.

TZP Strategies Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share (TZPS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1537 per share in cash.

Jack Creek Investment Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (JCIC) performed a ticker change to BAER, changed its corporate name to Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

APEX HealthCare ETF (APXH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

TOWN SPORTS INTL HLDGS INC (CLUBQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Rockley Photonics Holdings Limited (RKLY) performed a ticker change to RKLYQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Safe-T Group Ltd. American Depositary Share (SFET) performed a ticker change to ALAR, and changed its corporate name to Alarum Technologies Ltd.

January 24, 2023
Maverix Metals Inc. (MMX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3600 new shares of TFPM for each old share of MMX previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Royal DSM (RDSMY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.4950 per share in cash.

Arbor Rapha Capital Bioholdings Corp. (ARCK) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Barclays Bk PLC (OILNF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Tricida, Inc. (TCDA) performed a ticker change to TCDAQ. The security remains OTC and is set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Tata Motors Limited (TTM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Surgutneftegas PJSC American Depositary Receipts (SGTPY) was delisted pending an ADR termination.

January 23, 2023
Aptorum Group Limited Class A Ordinary Shares (APM) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of APM for every 10 shares of APM previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Jaguar Health, Inc. (JAGX) performed a 1 for 75 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JAGX for every 75 shares of JAGX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation (OCSL) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OCSL for every 3 shares of OCSL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Oragenics Inc. (OGEN) performed a 1 for 60 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OGEN for every 60 shares of OGEN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Sientra, Inc. (SIEN) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SIEN for every 10 shares of SIEN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

AXS CANNABIS ETF (THCX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Qraft AI-Enhanced US High Dividend ETF (HDIV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.3874 per share in cash.

Telemynd, Inc. (MYNDZZZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.9977 per share in cash.

Authentic Equity Acquisition Corp. Class A ordinary share (AEAC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

AXS De-SPAC ETF (DSPC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

TZP Strategies Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share (TZPS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

THE VERY GOOD FOOD CO INC Common Shares (VGFC) performed a ticker change to VGFCQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

January 20, 2023
ZW Data Action Technologies Inc. (CNET) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CNET for every 5 shares of CNET previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc (AYLA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1874 new shares of ADXS for each old share of AYLA previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

First Seacoast Bancorp (FSEA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8358 new shares of FSEA for each old share of FSEA previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AVEO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.0000 per share in cash.

First Trust Chindia ETF (FNI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $43.5585 per share in cash.

Epiphany Technology Acquisition Corp. Class A (EPHY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1000 per share in cash.

American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. (AVCT) performed a ticker change to AVCTQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

CI Financial Corp. (CIXX) performed a ticker change to CIXXF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Truly International Holdings Ltd Sponsored ADR (TRUHY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

January 19, 2023
Fortress Capital Acquisition Corp. (FCAX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1473 per share in cash.

Marlin Technology Corporation Class A Ordinary Share (FINM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1562 per share in cash.

Maverix Metals Inc. Common Shares (MMX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Party City Holdco Inc. (PRTY) performed a ticker change to PRTYQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

VIVEVE MED INC (VIVE) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Sorrento Therapeutics (SRNE) performed a spinoff of Scilex Holding Company. For every 1 share of SRNE held, shareholders will receive 0.141012716667 restricted shares of SCLXZZZ. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be retained.

January 18, 2023
Eargo, Inc. (EAR) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EAR for every 20 shares of EAR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

First Wave BioPharma, Inc. (FWBI) performed a 1 for 7 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FWBI for every 7 shares of FWBI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

9F Inc. American Depositary Shares (JFU) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JFU for every 20 shares of JFU previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Idera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IDRA) performed a ticker change to ACGN and changed its corporate name to Aceragen, Inc. Idera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IDRA) also performed a 1 for 17 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IDRA for every 17 shares of IDRA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

The Valens Company, Inc. (VLNS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3334 new shares of SNDL for each old share of VLNS previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Volt Crypto Industry and Equity ETF (BTCR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

IMI PLC Sponsored American Depository Receipt (United Kingdom) (IMIAY) expired worthless.

January 17, 2023
Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (JEF) performed a spinoff of VTS. For every 1 share of JEF held, shareholders will receive 0.11769303 shares of VTS. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be retained.

Sierra Wireless, Inc. (SWIR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.0000 per share in cash.

Deep Lake Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (DLCA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1240 per share in cash.

MDH Acquisition Corp. (MDH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0993 per share in cash.

Pioneer Merger Corp. Class A Ordinary Share (PACX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1392 per share in cash.

Fortress Capital Acquisition Corp. (FCAX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Marlin Technology Corporation Class A Ordinary Share (FINM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

First Trust Chindia ETF (FNI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

First Trust Chindia ETF (FOMO) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Amberwave Invest USA JSG Fund (IUSA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Schmitt Industries, Inc. (SMIT) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

VanEck Russia ETF (RSX) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

VanEck Russia Small-Cap ETF (RSXJ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

January 13, 2023
Panbela Therapeutics, Inc. (PBLA) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PBLA for every 40 shares of PBLA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

PGIM Quant Solutions Strategic Alpha International Equity ETF (PQIN) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $48.5028 cash per each share of PQIN previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Capital Link Global Green Energy Transport and Technology Leaders ETF (EKAR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.9518 per share in cash.

Epiphany Technology Acquisition Corp. Class A (EPHY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1000 per share in cash.

Pioneer Merger Corp. Class A Ordinary Share (PACX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

PENNSYLVANIA REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST 7.375% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares (PEI-B) performed a ticker change to PRETL. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust 7.20% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares (PEI-C) performed a ticker change to PRETM. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust 6.875% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares (PEI-D) performed a ticker change to PRETN. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Powered Brands Class A Ordinary Shares (POW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Sierra Wireless, Inc. (SWIR) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

January 12, 2023
New York City REIT, Inc. (NYC) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NYC for every 8 shares of NYC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

SPDR MSCI Emerging Markets Fossil Fuel Reserves Free ETF (EEMX) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of EEMX for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

SPDR MSCI EAFE Fossil Fuel Reserves Free ETF (EFAX) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of EFAX for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

SPDR Nuveen Bloomberg High Yield Municipal Bond ETF (HYMB) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of HYMB for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

SPDR S&P 500 Fossil Fuel Free ET (SPYX) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of SPYX for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Imago BioSciences, Inc. (IMGO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $36.0000 per share in cash.

UserTesting, Inc. (USER) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.5000 per share in cash.

AeroClean Technologies, Inc. (AERC) performed a ticker change to MKUL, and changed its corporate name to Molekule Group, Inc.

Capital Link Global Green Energy Transport and Technology Leaders ETF (EKAR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

IG Acquisition Corp. Class A (IGAC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

QUOTIENT LTD Common Shares (QTNTF) performed a ticker change to QTNTQ.

STATERA BIOPHARMA INC (STAB) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

January 11, 2023
Lifestyle International Holdings Limited Unsponsored ADR (Cayman Islands) (LFSYY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.9561 per share in cash.

Viridi Bitcoin Miners ETF (RIGZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.7723 per share in cash.

Princeton Bancorp, Inc. (BPRN) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

January 10, 2023
Code Chain New Continent Limited (CCNC) performed a ticker change to GDC, and changed its corporate name to GD CULTURE GROUP LTD.

CareCloud, Inc. (MTBC) performed a ticker change to CCLD.

Peak Bio, Inc. (PKBO) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

PGIM Quant Solutions Strategic Alpha International Equity ETF (PQIN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Sema4 Holdings Corp. Class A (SMFR) performed a ticker change to WGS, and changed its corporate name to GeneDx Holdings Corp.

January 9, 2023
Alterity Therapeutics Limited American Depositary Shares (ATHE) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ATHE for every 10 shares of ATHE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Can-Fite BioPharma Ltd. ADR (CANF) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CANF for every 10 shares of CANF previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Guardion Health Sciences, Inc. (GHSI) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GHSI for every 50 shares of GHSI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

PCSB Financial Corporation (PCSB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.3284 new shares of BRKL for each old share of PCSB previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Macondray Capital Acquisition Corp. I Class A Ordinary Shares (DRAY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Laredo Petroleum, Inc. (LPI) performed a ticker change to VTLE, and changed its corporate name to Vital Energy, Inc.

January 6, 2023
Aytu BioPharma, Inc. (AYTU) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AYTU for every 20 shares of AYTU previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Dave Inc. Class A (DAVE) performed a 1 for 32 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DAVE for every 32 shares of DAVE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

NextPlay Technologies, Inc. (NXTP) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NXTP for every 20 shares of NXTP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Oyster Point Pharma, Inc. (OYST) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $11.0000 and 1.0000 share of OYST^ for each share of OYST previously held.

Emclaire Financial Corp (EMCF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 2.1500 new shares of FMNB for each old share of EMCF previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

SeaSpine Holdings Corporation (SPNE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4163 new shares of OFIX for each old share of SPNE previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

LEGACY EJY INC (ENJYQ) was declared worthless.

January 5, 2023
Avalon GloboCare Corp. (ALBT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ALBT for every 10 shares of ALBT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Professional Diversity Network, Inc. (IPDN) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IPDN for every 2 shares of IPDN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

OpGen, Inc. (OPGN) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OPGN for every 20 shares of OPGN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Tenax Therapeutics, Inc. (TENX) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TENX for every 20 shares of TENX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Poshmark, Inc. Class A (POSH) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.9000 per share in cash.

Cartesian Growth Corporation Class A Ordinary Share (GLBL) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.12167 new shares of ALTI for each old share of GLBL previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Model Performance Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share (MPAC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Viridi Bitcoin Miners ETF (RIGZ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SeaSpine Holdings Corporation (SPNE) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Model Performance Acquisition Corp. (MPAC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of MultiMetaVerse Holdings Limited Class A (MMV) for each share of MPAC previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

January 4, 2023
Oblong Inc. (OBLG) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OBLG for every 15 shares of OBLG previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

General Electric Company (GE) performed a spinoff of GEHC. For every 1 share of GE held, shareholders will receive 0.3333 shares of GEHC. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be retained.

Kairos Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (KAIR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1148 per share in cash.

Victory Portfolios II VictoryShares Emerging Market High Div Volatility Wtd ETF (CEY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.5781 per share in cash.

Codex DNA, Inc (DNAY) was halted and it is currently not trading.

Onion Global Limited American Depositary Shares (OG) performed a ticker change to OGBLY. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Oyster Point Pharma, Inc. (OYST) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Cartesian Growth Corporation Class A Ordinary Share (GLBL) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

January 3, 2023
Biora Therapeutics, Inc. (BIOR) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BIOR for every 25 shares of BIOR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. (HALL) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HALL for every 10 shares of HALL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (ANZBY) performed a ticker change to ANZGY, changed its corporate name to ANZ Group Holdings Limited ADS, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Frontline Plc (FRO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Core Scientific, Inc. (CORZ) performed a ticker change to CORZQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Drive Shack Inc. (DS) performed a ticker change to DSHK. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Emclaire Financial Corp (EMCF) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Kairos Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (KAIR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

LightJump Acquisition Corporation (LJAQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

MSP Recovery, Inc. Class A (MSPR) performed a ticker change to LIFW.

BitNile Holdings, Inc. (NILE) performed a ticker change to AULT, and changed its corporate name to Ault Alliance, Inc.

PCSB Financial Corporation (PCSB) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Quotient Limited Ordinary Shares (QTNT) performed a ticker change to QTNTF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

December 30, 2022
Charah Solutions, Inc (CHRA) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CHRA for every 10 shares of CHRA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

GTT Communications, Inc. (GTTNQ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0125 post-split shares of GTTNQW for each old share of GTTNQ previously held.

Gemini Therapeutics, Inc. (GMTX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1 shares of IRON for each share of GMTX previously held, with fractional shares retained. Additionally, shareholders will receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

AF Acquisition Corp. Class A (AFAQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1148 per share in cash.

Sports Ventures Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (AKIC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1271 per share in cash.

Astrea Acquisition Corp. Class A (ASAX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0863 per share in cash.

Class Acceleration Corp. (CLAS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

EQ Health Acquisition Corp. (EQHA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0056 per share in cash.

Figure Acquisition Corp. I (FACA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0710 per share in cash.

SOAR Technology Acquisition Corp. (FLYA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4409 per share in cash.

Gores Holdings VIII, Inc. Class A (GIIX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0775 per share in cash.

USHG Acquisition Corp. (HUGS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0400 per share in cash.

ETFMG 2X Daily Alternative Harvest ETF (MJXL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.3948 per share in cash.

Monument Circle Acquisition Corp. Class A (MON) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0345 per share in cash.

Property Solutions Acquisition Corporation II Class A (PSAG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0997 per share in cash.

Shelter Acquisition Corporation I Class A (SHQA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

SPK Acquisition Corp. (SPK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3357 per share in cash.

Fuwei Films (Holdings) Co., Ltd. Ordinary Shares (FFHL) performed a ticker change to RTC, changed its corporate name to Baijiayun Group Ltd, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Autoscope Technologies Corporation (AATC) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Gores Holdings VIII, Inc. Class A (GIIX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

MDH Acquisition Corp. (MDH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Rubicon Technology, Inc. (RBCN) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

December 29, 2022
NuZee, Inc. (NUZE) performed a 1 for 35 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NUZE for every 35 shares of NUZE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Brigham Minerals, Inc. Class A (MNRL) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.1330 new shares of STR for each old share of MNRL previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Sitio Royalties Corp. (STR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0000 post-split shares of STR for each old share of STR previously held.

Hill International, Inc. (HIL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.4000 per share in cash.

Argus Capital Corp. Class A (ARGU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2921 per share in cash.

BlackRock 2022 Global Income Opportunity Trust, Escrow (BGIO^) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.0451 per share in cash.

FinTech Acquisition Corp. VI Class A (FTVI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1071 per share in cash.

Healthcare Services Acquisition Corporation Class A (HCAR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1098 per share in cash.

Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. V Class A (HCIC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0720 per share in cash.

INSU Acquisition Corp. III Class A (IIII) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0928 per share in cash.

Iron Spark I Inc. Class A (ISAA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1026 per share in cash.

KL Acquisition Corp Class A (KLAQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0902 per share in cash.

Longview Acquisition Corp. II (LGV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0981 per share in cash.

Omega Alpha SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares (OMEG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1112 per share in cash.

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP Common Shares (PMVC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1009 per share in cash.

SportsTek Acquisition Corp. Class A (SPTK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0700 per share in cash.

Sports Ventures Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (AKIC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

ETFMG 2X Daily Alternative Harvest ETF (MJXL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Iron Spark I Inc. Class A (ISAA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 28, 2022
Alset Inc. (AEI) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AEI for every 20 shares of AEI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $380.0000 and 1 share of ABMD^ for each share of ABMD previously held.

Nippon Steel Corporation American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (NPSCY) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of NPSCY for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Americas Technology Acquisition Corp. (ATA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.6061 per share in cash.

Concord Acquisition Corp. (CND) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1772 per share in cash.

Eaton Vance NextShares Trust Eaton Vance Global Income Builder NextShares (EVGBC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.7807 per share in cash.

Eaton Vance NextShares Trust II Eaton Vance TABS 5-to-15 Year Laddered Municipal Bond NextShares (EVLMC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.7817 per share in cash.

Eaton Vance NextShares Trust Eaton Vance Stock NextShares (EVSTC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.2882 per share in cash.

Global Consumer Acquisition Corp. (GACQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3390 per share in cash.

Group Nine Acquisition Corp. Class A (GNAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0620 per share in cash.

iPath S&P MLP ETN (IMLP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.1600 per share in cash.

Periphas Capital Partnering Corporation (PCPC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.1564 per share in cash.

iPath Return on Disability ETN (RODI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $109.6500 per share in cash.

Spindletop Health Acquisition Corp. Class A (SHCA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

iPath Women in Leadership ETN (WIL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $85.6300 per share in cash.

Franklin FTSE Russia ETF (FLRU) is suspended and not currently trading.

FinTech Acquisition Corp. VI Class A (FTVI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Forward Pharma A/S American Depositary Shares (FWP) performed a ticker change to FWPAY. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Global Consumer Acquisition Corp. (GACQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending

USHG Acquisition Corp. (HUGS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending

Omega Alpha SPAC Class A Ordinary Shares (OMEG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending

Spindletop Health Acquisition Corp. Class A (SHCA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending

SportsTek Acquisition Corp. Class A (SPTK) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending

December 27, 2022
Hall of Fame Resort & Entertainment Company (HOFV) performed a 1 for 22 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HOFV for every 22 shares of HOFV previously held.

DSP Group, Inc. (DSPG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.0000 per share in cash.

Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd (TRQ) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.5169 per share in cash.

DILA Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A (DILA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0429 per share in cash.

GigInternational1, Inc. (GIW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2421 per share in cash.

JOFF Fintech Acquisition Corp. Class A (JOFF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1002 per share in cash.

TUSCAN HLDGS CORP II COM (THCA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4981 per share in cash.

Ballantyne Strong, Inc (BTN) performed a ticker change to FGH, changed its corporate name to FG Group Holdings Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Ballantyne Strong, Inc (BTN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Ever-Glory International Group, Inc. (EVK) performed a ticker change to EVKG. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Monument Circle Acquisition Corp. Class A (MON) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Motus Holdings Limited Sponsored ADR (South Africa) (MOTUY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 23, 2022
BIT Mining Limited (BTCM) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BTCM for every 10 shares of BTCM previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Kalera Public Limited Company Ordinary Shares (KAL) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KAL for every 100 shares of KAL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

ReShape Lifesciences, Inc. (RSLS) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RSLS for every 50 shares of RSLS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Glass Houses Acquisition Corp. Class A (GLHA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

KKR ACQUISITION HLDGS I CORP (KAHC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0829 per share in cash.

RXR Acquisition Corp. Class A (RXRA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

ScION Tech Growth I Class A Ordinary Shares (SCOA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1456 per share in cash.

Archaea Energy Inc. (LFG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.0000 per share in cash.

RealNetworks, Inc. (RNWK) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.7300 per share in cash.

Stance Equity ESG Large Cap Core ETF (STNC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

AF Acquisition Corp. Class A (AFAQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Victory Portfolios II VictoryShares Emerging Market High Div Volatility Wtd ETF (CEY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

DILA Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A (DILA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Genocea Biosciences, Inc. (GNCA) performed a ticker change to GNCAQ.

Healthcare Services Acquisition Corporation Class A (HCAR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Archaea Energy Inc. (LFG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

OTONOMY INC (OTIC) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Property Solutions Acquisition Corporation II Class A (PSAG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

RealNetworks, Inc. (RNWK) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 22, 2022
Remark Holdings, Inc. (MARK) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MARK for every 10 shares of MARK previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

OceanPal Inc. (OP) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OP for every 10 shares of OP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

ThermoGenesis Holdings, Inc. (THMO) performed a 1 for 45 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of THMO for every 45 shares of THMO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Team, Inc. (TISI) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TISI for every 10 shares of TISI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Accelerate Acquisition Corp. (AAQC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0896 per share in cash.

Colicity Inc. Class A (COLI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1003 per share in cash.

Crypto 1 Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares (DAOO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1530 per share in cash.

Glenfarne Merger Corp. Class A (GGMC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1054 per share in cash.

Hudson Executive Investment Corp. II Class A (HCII) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0921 per share in cash.

Hudson Executive Investment Corp. III Class A (HIII) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0950 per share in cash.

Oyster Enterprises Acquisition Corp. Class A (OSTR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0784 per share in cash.

Velocity Acquisition Corp. Class A (VELO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

AIkido Pharma Inc. (AIKI) performed a ticker change to DOMH, and changed its corporate name to Dominari Holdings Inc.

Crypto 1 Acquisition Corp Class A Ordinary Shares (DAOO) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

EQ Health Acquisition Corp. (EQHA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Group Nine Acquisition Corp. Class A (GNAC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. V Class A (HCIC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Hudson Executive Investment Corp. II Class A (HCII) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Hudson Executive Investment Corp. III Class A (HIII) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Hill International, Inc. (HIL) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

INSU Acquisition Corp. III Class A (IIII) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

OPAL Fuels Inc. Warrant (OPALW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

ScION Tech Growth I Class A Ordinary Shares (SCOA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Shelter Acquisition Corporation I Class A (SHQA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 21, 2022
NorthShore Global Uranium Mining ETF (URNM) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of URNM for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Camber Energy, Inc (CEI) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CEI for every 50 shares of CEI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

HTG Molecular Diagnostics, Inc. (HTGM) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HTGM for every 12 shares of HTGM previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Altimeter Growth Corp. 2 (AGCB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1172 per share in cash.

iShares iBonds Dec 2022 Term Corporate ETF (IBDN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.0634 per share in cash.

U.S. Equity Cumulative Dividends Fund - Series 2027 (IDIV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.0649 per share in cash.

Simon Property Group Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (SPGS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

TCW Special Purpose Acquisition Corp. (TSPQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0302 per share in cash.

COVA Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Share (COVA) performed a ticker change to ECX, changed its corporate name to ECARX HLDGS INC, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Altimeter Growth Corp. 2 (AGCB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Argus Capital Corp. Class A (ARGU) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Clovis Oncology, Inc. (CLVS) performed a ticker change to CLVSQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Colicity Inc. Class A (COLI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SOAR Technology Acquisition Corp. (FLYA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Oyster Enterprises Acquisition Corp. Class A (OSTR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Return on Disability ETN (RODI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

RXR Acquisition Corp. Class A (RXRA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Velocity Acquisition Corp. Class A (VELO) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Women in Leadership ETN (WIL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Diana Shipping (DSX) performed a spin-off. Shareholders received 1.152527 shares of OceanPal (OP) for each DSX share held on ex-date November 25th, 2022. Fractional shares resulting from the spinoff will be retained in your account.

iShares iBonds 2022 Term High Yield and Income ETF (IBHB) performed a liquidation at $24.055593 per share on December 21, 2022. This means your shares were removed and you were credited $24.055593 per share to your Robinhood account.

iShares Trust iShares iBonds Dec 2022 Term Treasury (IBTB) performed a liquidation at $25.391302 per share on December 21, 2022. This means your shares were removed and you were credited $25.391302 per share to your Robinhood account.

December 20, 2022
Global X Funds Global X Blockchain & Bitcoin Strategy ETF (BITS) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BITS for every 4 shares of BITS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Global X Funds Global X Blockchain ETF (BKCH) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BKCH for every 4 shares of BKCH previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Global X MSCI China Real Estate ETF (CHIR) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CHIR for every 3 shares of CHIR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Global X Funds Global X Emerging Markets Internet & E-commerce ETF (EWEB) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EWEB for every 3 shares of EWEB previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Global X Funds Global X Education ETF (EDUT) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EDUT for every 3 shares of EDUT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

MediWound Ltd. Ordinary Shares (MDWD) performed a 1 for 7 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MDWD for every 7 shares of MDWD previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Global X MSCI SuperDividend Emerging Markets ETF (SDEM) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SDEM for every 3 shares of SDEM previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Global X SuperDividend ETF (SDIV) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SDIV for every 3 shares of SDIV previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

SiNtx Technologies, Inc. (SINT) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SINT for every 100 shares of SINT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Global X Funds Global X SuperDividend REIT ETF (SRET) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SRET for every 3 shares of SRET previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Advanced Merger Partners, Inc. (AMPI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0952 per share in cash.

Gaming & Hospitality Acquisition Corp. Class A (GHAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1059 per share in cash.

Hamilton Lane Alliance Holdings I, Inc. Class A (HLAH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0799 per share in cash.

Oyster Enterprises Acquisition Corp. Class A (OSTR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 19, 2022
180 Life Sciences Corp. (ATNF) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ATNF for every 20 shares of ATNF previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

HEXO Corp. Common Shares (HEXO) performed a 1 for 14 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HEXO for every 14 shares of HEXO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Yumanity Therapeutics, Inc. (YMTX) performed a ticker change to KA and changed its corporate name to Kineta, Inc. Yumanity Therapeutics, Inc. (YMTX) also performed a 1 for 7 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of YMTX for every 7 shares of YMTX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Invesco BulletShares 2022 USD Emerging Markets Debt ETF (BSBE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.8835 per share in cash.

Invesco BulletShares 2022 Corporate Bond ETF (BSCM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.1802 per share in cash.

Invesco BulletShares 2022 High Yield Corporate Bond ETF (BSJM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.0317 per share in cash.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2022 Municipal Bond ETF (BSMM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.2434 per share in cash.

Parsec Capital Acquisitions Corp Class A (PCX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2364 per share in cash.

Sierra Lake Acquisition Corp. Class A (SIER) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1226 per share in cash.

BTRS Holdings Inc. Class 1 (BTRS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.5000 per share in cash.

Angel Pond Holdings Corporation (POND) performed a ticker change to MRDB, changed its corporate name to MariaDB Plc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Esoterica NextG Economy ETF (WUGI) changed its corporate name to AXS ESOTERICA NEXT G ECONOMY ETF, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Accelerate Acquisition Corp. (AAQC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Americas Technology Acquisition Corp. (ATA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

BTRS Holdings Inc. Class (BTRS) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Eaton Vance NextShares Trust Eaton Vance Global Income Builder NextShares (EVGBC) was liquidated.

Eaton Vance NextShares Trust II Eaton Vance TABS 5-to-15 Year Laddered Municipal Bond NextShares (EVLMC) was liquidated.

Eaton Vance NextShares Trust Eaton Vance Stock NextShares (EVSTC) was liquidated.

Glenfarne Merger Corp. Class A (GGMC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Glass Houses Acquisition Corp. Class A (GLHA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

KL Acquisition Corp Class A (KLAQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Pacifico Acquisition Corp. Common Stock (PAFO) performed a ticker change to CACO, changed its corporate name to Caravelle International Group Ordinary Shares, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Parsec Capital Acquisitions Corp Class A (PCX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SCOPUS BIOPHARMA INC (SCPS) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Sierra Lake Acquisition Corp. Class A (SIER) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Amerco Series N Non-Voting (UHALB) performed a ticker change to UHAL.B

December 16, 2022
Gores Holdings VII, Inc. (GSEV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0092 per share in cash.

Cohn Robbins Holdings Corp. (CRRCF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0334 per share in cash.

NantHealth, Inc. (NH) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NH for every 15 shares of NH previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Gores Technology Partners II, Inc. (GTPB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0213 per share in cash.

Babylon Holdings Limited (BBLN) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BBLN for every 25 shares of BBLN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Gores Technology Partners, Inc. (GTPA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0031 per share in cash.

Big Sky Growth Partners, Inc. (BSKY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0897 per share in cash.

Cosmos Holdings Inc. (COSM) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of COSM for every 25 shares of COSM previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Accelerate Acquisition Corp. (AAQC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco BulletShares 2022 USD Emerging Markets Debt ETF (BSBE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco BulletShares 2022 Corporate Bond ETF (BSCM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco BulletShares 2022 High Yield Corporate Bond ETF (BSJM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2022 Municipal Bond ETF (BSMM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Gaming & Hospitality Acquisition Corp. (GHAC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Gaming & Hospitality Acquisition Corp. Unit (GHACU) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

iShares iBonds Dec 2022 Term Corporate ETF (IBDN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares iBonds 2022 Term High Yield and Income ETF (IBHB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Trust iShares iBonds Dec 2022 Term Treasury ETF (IBTB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Just Energy Group Inc. (JENGQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

JOFF Fintech Acquisition Corp. (JOFF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Simon Property Group Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (SPGS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd (TRQ) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

TCW Special Purpose Acquisition Corp. (TSPQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

MusclePharm Corporation (MSLP) performed a ticker change to MSLPQ.

Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PEI) performed a ticker change to PRET. The security was delisted to OTC.

Stran & Company, Inc. (STRN) performed a ticker change to SWAG.

December 15, 2022
Bit Brother Limited Class A Ordinary Shares (BTB) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BTB for every 15 shares of BTB previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

51Talk Online Education Group American depositary shares, each representing 15 Class A ordinary shares (COE) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of COE for every 4 shares of COE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Bright Lights Acquisition Corp. Class A (BLTS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

Empowerment & Inclusion Capital I Corp. (EPWR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0844 per share in cash.

Mission Advancement Corp. (MACC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0731 per share in cash.

Athlon Acquisition Corp. Class A (SWET) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0724 per share in cash.

Pareteum Corporation (TEUM) was declared worthless.

Primavera Capital Acquisition Corporation (PV) performed a ticker change to LANV, changed its corporate name to Lanvin Group Holdings Limited, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

FORTUNE BRANDS HOME & SECURITY, INC. (FBHS) performed a spinoff of MasterBrand, Inc. (MBC). For every 1 share of FBHS held, shareholders will receive 1 share of MBC.

FORTUNE BRANDS HOME & SECURITY, INC. (FBHS) performed a ticker change to FBIN, and changed its corporate name to Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc.

KKR ACQUISITION HLDGS I CORP (KAHC) was delisted to OTC.

Hamilton Lane Alliance Holdings I, Inc. Class A (HLAH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Longview Acquisition Corp. II (LGV) was halted and it is currently not trading.

Periphas Capital Partnering Corporation (PCPC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Advanced Merger Partners, Inc. (AMPI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Silver ETN (SBUG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath S&P MLP ETN (IMLP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

JOFF Fintech Acquisition Corp. Class A (JOFF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Starry Group Holdings, Inc (STRY) was delisted to OTC.

Pacer iPath Gold Trendpilot Exchange-Traded Notes (PBUG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Pacer iPath Gold ETNs (GBUG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 14, 2022
Brookfield Asset Management Reinsurance Partners Ltd. Class A Exchangeable Limited Voting Shares (BAMR) performed a ticker change to BNRE, changed its corporate name to Brookfield Reinsurance Ltd, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Puhui Wealth Investment Management Co., Ltd. Ordinary Shares (PHCF) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PHCF for every 6 shares of PHCF previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

DHB Capital Corp. Class A (DHBC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0955 per share in cash.

Science Strategic Acquisition Corp. Alpha Class A (SSAA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

Arena Fortify Acquisition Corp. Class A (AFAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2660 per share in cash.

VectoIQ Acquisition Corp (VTIQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0665 per share in cash.

Clarim Acquisition Corp. Class A (CLRM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

Lerer Hippeau Acquisition Corp. Class A (LHAA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0914 per share in cash.

QUANERGY SYS INC Common Shares (QNGY) performed a ticker change to QNGYQ.

FEDNAT HLDG CO (FNHC) performed a ticker change to FNHCQ.

Empowerment & Inclusion Capital I Corp. (EPWR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP (PMVC) was delisted to OTC.

Winc, Inc. (WBEV) performed a ticker change to WBEVQ.

EVN AG Sponsored ADR (Austria) (EVNVY) was delisted pending an ADR termination.

December 13, 2022
IMV Inc. Common Shares (IMV) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IMV for every 10 shares of IMV previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Paysafe Limited (PSFE) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PSFE for every 12 shares of PSFE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Meta Materials Inc Preferred (Series A) (MMTLP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0000 post-split share of MMTZZZ for each old share of MMTLP previously held.

Larkspur Health Acquisition Corp. Class A (LSPR) performed a ticker change to ZVSA, changed its corporate name to ZYVERSA THERAPEUTICS, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Venus Acquisition Corporation Ordinary Shares (VENA) performed a ticker change to MLGO, changed its corporate name to MICROALGO INC, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Bright Lights Acquisition Corp. Class A (BLTS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Science Strategic Acquisition Corp. Alpha Class A (SSAA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Big Sky Growth Partners, Inc. Class A (BSKY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Dragon Victory International Limited Ordinary Shares (LYL) performed a ticker change to MATH, and changed its corporate name to Metalpha Technology Holding.

December 12, 2022
AirNet Technology Inc. (ANTE) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ANTE for every 4 shares of ANTE previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if the fraction is over 0.5.

OneConnect Financial Technology Co. (OCFT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OCFT for every 10 shares of OCFT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Nuwellis, Inc. (NUWE) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NUWE for every 100 shares of NUWE previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

NF Energy Saving Corporation (BIMI) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BIMI for every 10 shares of BIMI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Broadscale Acquisition Corp. (SCLE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

CarLotz, Inc. (LOTZ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.7052 new shares of SFT for each old share of LOTZ previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

FG Financial Group, Inc. (FGF) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Brookfield Asset Management Inc. (BAM) performed a ticker change to BN, changed its corporate name to Brookfield Corporation, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Brookfield Corporation (BN) performed a spin-off of Brookfield Asset Management Inc. (BAM). For every 1 share of BN held, shareholders will receive 0.2500 shares of BAM. Fractional shares resulting from the spin-off will be included in your total position.

Brookfield Asset Management Reinsurance Partners Ltd. (BAMR) performed a spin-off of Brookfield Asset Management Inc. (BAM). For every 1 share of BAMR held, shareholders will receive 0.2500 shares of BAM. Fractional shares resulting from the spin-off will be included in your total position.

VectoIQ Acquisition Corp. (VTIQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. (PME) is untradeable due to Russian sanctions. None of Robinhood's execution venues are accepting orders at this time.

DHB Capital Corp. (DHBC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Zosano Pharma Corporation (ZSANQ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Concord Acquisition Corp. (CND) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

U.S. Equity Cumulative Dividends Fund - Series 2027 (IDIV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SCP & CO Healthcare Acquisition Company (SHAC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 9, 2022
Grom Social Enterprises Inc. (GROM) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GROM for every 30 shares of GROM previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

My Size, Inc. (MYSZ) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MYSZ for every 25 shares of MYSZ previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

ENDRA Life Sciences Inc. (NDRA) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NDRA for every 20 shares of NDRA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

UpHealth, Inc. (UPH) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of UPH for every 10 shares of UPH previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Climate Real Impact Solutions II Acquisition Corporation (CLIM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0463 per share in cash.

First Trust/abrdn Emerging Opportunity Fund (FEO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.6356 per share in cash.

FinTech Acquisition Corp. V Class A (FTCV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0783 per share in cash.

One Equity Partners Open Water I Corp. Class A (OEPW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.00 per share in cash.

Research Alliance Corp. II Class A (RACB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0785 per share in cash.

Z-Work Acquisition Corp. Class A (ZWRK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0764 per share in cash.

InterPrivate II Acquisition Corp. (IPVA) performed a ticker change to GETR, changed its corporate name to Getaround Inc, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Arena Fortify Acquisition Corp. Class A (AFAC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Meta Materials Inc Preferred (Series A) (MMTLP) was halted and it is currently not trading.

Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd (PME) was halted and it is currently not trading.

December 8, 2022
Locafy Limited Ordinary Share (LCFY) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LCFY for every 20 shares of LCFY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

iShares iBonds Dec 2022 Term Muni Bond ETF (IBMK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.9230 per share in cash.

Highland Transcend Partners I Corp. (HTPA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1030 per share in cash.

Clarim Acquisition Corp. Class A (CLRM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Mission Advancement Corp. (MACC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 7, 2022
Switch, Inc. Class A (SWCH) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $34.25 per share in cash.

Fortistar Sustainable Solutions Corp. Class A (FSSI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0850 per share in cash.

Revolution Healthcare Acquisition Corp. SAIL Class A (REVH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0998 per share in cash.

Research Alliance Corp. II Class A (RACB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Mechel PAO American Depository Shares, each representing two ordinary shares (ADSs) (MTL) was delisted pending an ADR termination.

Mechel PAO American Depositary Shares (each representing one-half of a Preferred Share) (MTL-) was delisted pending an ADR termination.

Lakeshore Acquisition I Corp. Ordinary Shares (LAAA) was delisted pending a merger with Prosomnus INC. (OSA)

ISTAR INC (STAR) performed a spin-off of Safety, Income & Growth Inc. (SAFE). For every 1 share of STAR held, shareholders will receive 0.07655 shares of SAFE. Fractional shares resulting from the spin-off will be included in your total position.

December 6, 2022
Atlas Crest Investment Corp. II (ACII) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.00 per share in cash.

Industrial Human Capital, Inc. (AXHI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2238 per share in cash.

Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc. (CKPT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CKPT for every 10 shares of CKPT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

DURECT Corporation (DRRX) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DRRX for every 10 shares of DRRX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Switch, Inc. Class A (SWCH) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

December 5, 2022
NightDragon Acquisition Corp. (NDAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0702 per share in cash.

ACTUA CORP (ACTA) was declared worthless.

Astrotech Corporation (DE) (ASTC) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ASTC for every 30 shares of ASTC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Applied Genetic Technologies Corporation (AGTC) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.3400 and 1.0000 shares of AGTC^ for each share of AGTC previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

First High-School Education Group Co. (FHS) performed a ticker change to FHSEY. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

America First Multifamily Investors, L.P. Beneficial Unit Certificates (BUCs) representing Limited Partnership Interests (ATAX) performed a ticker change to GHI, and changed its corporate name to GREYSTONE HOUSING IMPACT INV.

CHINA PETE & CHEM CORP (SNPTY) was delisted pending an ADR termination.

December 2, 2022
Orion Acquisition Corp. (OHPA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0841 per share in cash.

The Music Acquisition Corporation (TMAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0458 per share in cash.

Tishman Speyer Innovation Corp. II (TSIB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

Sandbridge X2 Corp. (SBII) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0936 per share in cash.

Nuveen Emerging Markets Debt 2022 Target Term Fund (JEMD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.6472 per share in cash.

Eloxx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ELOX) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ELOX for every 40 shares of ELOX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

MicroSectors Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. (OILD) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OILD for every 10 shares of OILD previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

MicroSectors US Big Oil (NRGD) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NRGD for every 10 shares of NRGD previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

PBF LOGISTICS LP (PBFX) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $9.2500 and 0.2700 shares of PBF for each share of PBFX previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Triumph Financial, Inc. (TBK) performed a ticker change to TFIN.

Athlon Acquisition Corp. (SWET) was delisted. Details are still pending.

Atlas Crest Investment Corp. II (ACII) was delisted. Details are still pending.

HumanCo Acquisition Corp. (HMCO) was delisted. Details are still pending.

Akouos, Inc. (AKUS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.50 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

First Trust/abrdn Emerging Opportunity Fund (FEO) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Applied Genetic Technologies Corporation (AGTC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares iBonds Dec 2022 Term Muni Bond ETF (IBMK) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 1, 2022
Tuesday Morning Corp. (TUEM) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TUEM for every 30 shares of TUEM previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Investment Managers Series Trust II AXS 2X Innovation ETF (TARK) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TARK for every 5 shares of TARK previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (PTPI) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PTPI for every 10 shares of PTPI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Baudax Bio, Inc. (BXRX) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BXRX for every 40 shares of BXRX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Renovacor, Inc. (RCOR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1763 new shares of RCKT for each old share of RCOR previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Flagstar Bancorp, Inc. (FBC) performed a stock merger and delisted. Shareholders will receive 4.0151 new shares of NYCB for each old share of FBC previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) performed a spin-off.Shareholders received 0.068 shares of F&G Annuities & Life Inc. (FG) for every share of FNF held on ex-dividend date, December 1, 2022. Fractional shares resulting from the spin-off will be included in your total position.

HumanCo Acquisition Corp. (HMCO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0657 per share in cash.

Liberty Media Acquisition Corporation Series A (LMACA) was liquidated and delisted. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0692 per share in cash.

Crucible Acquisition Corporation (CRU) was liquidated and delisted. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0263 per share in cash.

PWP Forward Acquisition Corp. (FRW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

PBF LOGISTICS LP (PBFX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Tishman Speyer Innovation Corp. II (TSIB) was delisted. Details are still pending.

EQONEX LIMITED (EQOSF) performed a ticker change to EQOSQ.

Allied Gaming & Entertainment Inc. (AESE) performed a ticker change to AGAE.

November 30, 2022
Bio-Techne Corp (TECH) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of TECH for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Arcimoto, Inc. (FUV) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FUV for every 20 shares of FUV previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

PropTech Investment Corporation (PTIC) performed a ticker change to SFR, changed its corporate name to Starwood Waypoint Homes, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

G&P Acquisition Corp. (GAPA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1685 per share in cash.

Genuine Investors ETF (GCIG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.8436 per share in cash.

Population Health Investment Co., Inc.( PHIC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0956 per share in cash.

Ecofin Digital Payments Infrastructure Fund (ETPA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.18752404 per share in cash.

Sandbridge X2 Corp. (SBII) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

EQONEX LIMITED (EQOS) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

November 29, 2022
Merlyn.AI Best-of-Breed Core Momentum ETF (BOB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.92903359 per share in cash.

EA Series Trust Merlyn.AI Tactical Growth & Income ETF (SNUG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.03721156 per share in cash.

CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CNSP) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CNSP for every 30 shares of CNSP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

RADA Electronic Industries (RADA) performed a ticker change to DRS, changed its corporate name to Leonardo DRS, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

PWP Forward Acquisition Corp. (FRW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Ecofin Digital Payments Infrastructure Fund (ETPA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

November 28, 2022
Inspire Faithward Large Cap Momentum ETF (FEVR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.1974 per share in cash.

Jiya Acquisition Corp. (JYAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0496 per share in cash.

ETFMG 2X Daily Inverse Alternative Harvest ETF (MJIN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.36335983 per share in cash.

Secoo Holding (SECO) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SECO for every 10 shares of SECO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Xinyuan Real Estate Co. (XIN) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XIN for every 10 shares of XIN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

CONTINENTAL RESOURCES INC. (CLR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $74.2800 per share in cash.

VTRU Rights (VTRU^) expired worthless.

Nuveen Emerging Markets Debt 2022 Target Term Fund, Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, $0.01 par value per share (JEMD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

November 25, 2022
BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (BVXV) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BVXV for every 10 shares of BVXV previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Check-Cap Ltd. (CHEK) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CHEK for every 20 shares of CHEK previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Austerlitz Acquisition Corporation I (AUS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.00 per share in cash.

Austerlitz Acquisition Corporation II (ASZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.00 per share in cash.

Jiya Acquisition Corp. (JYAC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

TFMG 2X Daily Inverse Alternative Harvest ETF (MJIN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

November 23, 2022
Frazier Lifesciences (FLAC) performed a ticker change to NAMS, changed its corporate name to NewAmsterdam Pharma Company B.V., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

ACE Convergence (ACEV) performed a ticker change to TMPO, changed its corporate name to Tempo Automation Holdings, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

SuperCom, Ltd. (SPCB) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SPCB for every 10 shares of SPCB previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. (QLGN) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of QLGN for every 10 shares of QLGN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

ION Acquisition Corp 3 Ltd. (IACC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0929 per share in cash.

ZENDESK INC (ZEN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $77.5000 per share in cash.

Austerlitz Acquisition Corporation I (AUS) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

CONTINENTAL RESOURCES INC. (CLR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Fortress Value Acquisition Corp. III (FVT) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Fortress Value Acquisition Corp. IV (FVIV) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Vanguard U.S. Liquidity Factor ETF (VFLQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Austerlitz Acquisition Corporation II (ASZ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Global X MSCI SuperDividend Emerging Markets ETF (SDEM) is untradeable due to Russian sanctions. None of Robinhood's execution venues are accepting orders at this time.

iShares Emerging Markets Dividend ETF (DVYE) is untradeable due to Russian sanctions. None of Robinhood's execution venues are accepting orders at this time.

SPDR Portfolio Europe ETF (SPEU) is untradeable due to Russian sanctions. None of Robinhood's execution venues are accepting orders at this time.

VEON Ltd. ADS (VEON) is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares.

November 22, 2022
AMTD IDEA Group (AMTD) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AMTD for every 2 shares of AMTD previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Waitr Holdings Inc. (WTRH) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to ASAP. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ASAP for every 20 shares of ASAP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Aenza S.A.A. (AENZ) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AENZ for every 3 shares of AENZ previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Ebang International Holdings Inc. (EBON) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EBON for every 30 shares of EBON previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Aerie Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AERI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.2500 per share in cash.

Genuine Investors ETF (GCIG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS INC (AMPED) performed a ticker change to AMPE.

ZENDESK INC (ZEN) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

November 21, 2022
RIV Rights (RIV^) expired worthless.

G Medical Innovations Holdings Ltd. Ordinary Shares (GMVD) performed a 1 for 35 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GMVD for every 35 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

TC BioPharm (Holdings) plc American Depositary Shares (TCBP) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TCBP for every 50 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Inspire Faithward Large Cap Momentum ETF (FEVR) was delisted.

Nam Tai Property Inc. (NTP) performed a ticker change and was delisted to OTC.

HIGHLAND TRANSCEND PARTNERS I CORP Warrant (HTPAW) performed a ticker change.

Merlyn.AI Best-of-Breed Core Momentum ETF (BOB) was delisted.

Kismet Acquisition Three Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (KIII) was delisted to OTC and set PCO.

EA Series Trust Merlyn.AI Tactical Growth & Income ETF (SNUG) was delisted.

TUSCAN HLDGS CORP II COM (THCA) was delisted to OTC.

November 18, 2022
Health Assurance Acquisition Corp. Class A (HAAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0767 per share in cash.

GoHealth, Inc. Class A (GOCO) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GOCO for every 15 shares of GOCO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

8i Acquisition 2 Corp. Ordinary Shares (LAX) performed a ticker change to EUDA, changed its corporate name to EUDA Health Limited, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Tiga Acquisition Corp. (TINV) performed a ticker change to GRND, changed its corporate name to Grindr Group LLC, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Stealth BioTherapeutics Corp. ADS (MITO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.3250 per share in cash.

LogicBio Therapeutics, Inc. (LOGC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.07 per share in cash.

Fast Radius, Inc. Class A (FSRD) performed a ticker change to FSRDQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

ION Acquisition Corp 3 Ltd. (IACC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Nam Tai Property Inc (NTP) is suspended and not currently trading.

November 17, 2022
IM Cannabis Corp. (IMCC) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IMCC for every 10 shares of IMCC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Tenneco Inc. Class A Voting Common Stock (TEN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.00 per share in cash.

Stealth BioTherapeutics Corp. ADS (MITO) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

LogicBio Therapeutics, Inc. (LOGC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

November 16, 2022
CHANNELADVISOR CORPORATION (ECOM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.10 per share in cash.

Palisade Bio, Inc. (PALI) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PALI for every 50 shares of PALI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NBY) performed a 1 for 35 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NBY for every 35 shares of NBY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

TIAN RUIXIANG Holdings Ltd Class A Ordinary Shares (TIRX) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TIRX for every 5 shares of TIRX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

SenesTech, Inc. (SNES) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SNES for every 20 shares of SNES previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

G&P Acquisition Corp. (GAPA) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

VectorShares Min Vol ETF (VSPY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

November 15, 2022
Performance Shipping Inc. (PSGH) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PSGH for every 15 shares of PSGH previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Natural Order Acquisition Corp. (NOAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0731 per share in cash.

AGBA Acquisition Limited Ordinary Share (AGBA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

TARONIS FUELS INC (TRNF) performed a ticker change to TRNFQ.

Industrial Human Capital, Inc. (AXH) performed a ticker change to AXHI. The security remains OTC and is set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Sierra Metals Inc. (SMTS) performed a ticker change to SMTSF. The security remains OTC and is set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Landec Corporation (LNDC) performed a ticker change to LFCR, and changed its corporate name to Lifecore Biomedical INC.

November 14, 2022
Kintara Therapeutics, Inc. (KTRA) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KTRA for every 50 shares of KTRA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

iClick Interactive Asia Group Limited American Depositary Shares (ICLK) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ICLK for every 10 shares of ICLK previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Medigus Ltd. American Depositary Shares (MDGS) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MDGS for every 15 shares of MDGS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. (STZ.B) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $64.64 and 1 share of STZ for each share of STZ.B previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

East Stone Acquisition Corporation (ESSC) performed a ticker change to NWTN, changed its corporate name to NWTN Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

XL Group Ltd. (XL) performed a ticker change to SPRU and changed its corporate name to Spruce Power Holding Corporation

Royal DSM NV Sponsored ADR (RDSMY) was delisted pending an ADR termination.

Global X Interest Rate Hedge ETF (IRHG) performed a ticker change to RATE.

Natural Order Acquisition Corp. (NOAC) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

November 11, 2022
Vickers Vantage Corp. (VCKA) performed a ticker change to SCLX, changed its corporate name to Scilex Holding Company, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Aileron Therapeutics, Inc. (ALRN) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ALRN for every 20 shares of ALRN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC.(STZ.B) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Fortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC (FTAI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

CHINA LIFE INS CO LTD American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (China) (LFCHY) was delisted pending an ADR termination.

Cohn Robbins Holdings Corp. (CRHC) performed a ticker change to CRRCF. The security delisted to OTC and is set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

November 10, 2022
Amerco (UHAL) performed a spin-off. Shareholders received 9 shares of U-Haul Holding Company Class B (UHALB) for every share of UHAL held on ex-dividend date November 10, 2022. Fractional shares resulting from the spin-off will be included in your total position.

Pine Island Acquisition Corp. (PIPP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0548 per share in cash.

AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS INC (AMPE) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to AMPED. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share(s) of AMPED for every 15 shares of AMPE previously held. The security was remains to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Motorsport Games Inc. (MSGM) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MSGM for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Trevena, Inc. (TRVN) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TRVN for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Conformis, Inc. (CFMS) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CFMS for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Avalon GloboCare Corp. (AVCO) performed a ticker change to ALBT.

Zovio Inc. (ZVO) performed a ticker change to ZVOI. The security was delisted to OTC.

November 9, 2022
Obitx Inc (OBTX) performed a ticker change to EBZT, changed its corporate name to EVERYTHING BLOCKCHAIN INC, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Hycroft Mining Holding Corporation Warrant (HYMCZ) expired worthless.

Versus Systems Inc. (VS) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VS for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

OncoSec Medical Incorporated (ONCS) performed a 1 for 22 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ONCS for every 22 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Code Chain New Continent Limited (CCNC) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CCNC for every 30 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Tantech Holdings Ltd. (TANH) performed a 1 for 24 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TANH for every 24 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

BCLS Acquisition Corp. (BLSA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0713 per share in cash.

Timber Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (TMBR) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TMBR for every 50 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

StoneMor Inc. (STON) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.5000 per share in cash.

QUANERGY SYS INC (QNGY) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

IMMUNOCELLULAR THERAPEUTICS LTD (IMUC) changed its corporate name.

Silverback Therapeutics, Inc. (SBTX) performed a ticker change to SPRY and changed its corporate name to ARS Pharmaceuticals.

November 8, 2022
Akerna Corp. (KERN) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KERN for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Safe-T Group (SFET) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SFET for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc. Escrow (DOFSQ^) expired worthless.

First High-School Education Group Co. (FHS) is suspended and not currently trading.

Norton Life Lock Inc. (NLOK) performed a ticker change to GEN, and changed its corporate name to Gen Digital Inc.

November 7, 2022
ironSource Ltd. (IS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1089 new shares of U for each old share of IS previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if the fraction is over 0.5.

WisdomTree, Inc. (WETF) performed a ticker change to WT.

LuxUrban Hotels Inc. (CHG) performed a ticker change to LUXH.

LATAM Airlines (LTMAQ) performed a ticker change to LTMAY.

CECO Environmental Corp. (CECE) performed a ticker change to CECO.

November 4, 2022
AnPac Bio-Medical Science Co., Ltd. American Depositary Shares (ANPC) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ANPC for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Digital Brands Group, Inc. Common Stock (DBGI) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DBGI for every 100 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Gaucho Group Holdings, Inc. Common Stock (VINO) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VINO for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up.

Copart, Inc. (DE) Common Stock (CPRT) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of CPRT for every 1 share previously held.

AdvisorShares Q Portfolio Blended Allocation ETF (QPT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.1878 per share in cash.

Benessere Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock (BENE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.4739 per share in cash.

CyberOptics Corporation Common Stock (CYBE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $54.0000 per share in cash.

Gafisa, S.A. American Depositary Receipts - Unsponsored (GFASD)performed a ticker change to GFASY.

China New Borun Corporation ADR (BORNY) was delisted from OTC and is untradable.

Health Assurance Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock (HAAC) was delisted pending liquidation.

StoneMor Partners L.P. (STON) was delisted pending a merger.

CyberOptics Corporation Common Stock (CYBE) was delisted pending a merger.

November 3, 2022
Quotient Limited Ordinary Shares (QTNT) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of QTNT for every 40 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

PhaseBio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Common Stock (PHAS) performed a ticker change to PHASQ  and was delisted to OTC.

November 2, 2022
Ignyte Acquisition Corp. Common Stock (IGNY) performed a cusip change, and changed its symbol to PKBO.

Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (AHPA) performed a cusip change, and changed its symbol to OABI.

Two Harbors Investment Corp. (TWO) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TWO for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Vyant Bio, Inc. Common Stock (VYNT)  performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VYNT for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Valkyrie ETF Trust II Valkyrie Balance Sheet Opportunities ETF (VBB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.4356 per share in cash.

Eaton Vance Floating-Rate 2022 Target Term Trust Common Shares of Beneficial Interest (EFL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.6647 per share in cash.

Sanaby Health Acquisition Corp. I Class A Common Stock (SANB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2058 per share in cash.

U.S. Well Services, Inc. Class A Common Stock (USWS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3366 new shares of ACDC for each old share of USWS previously held.

SPRAGUE RESOURCES LP (SRLP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.00 per share in cash.

Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Common Stock (LGND)  performed a spin-off. Shareholders received 4.90007 shares of OmniAb, Inc. (OABI) for every share of LGND held on ex-date November 2, 2022. Fractional shares resulting from the spin-off will be included in your total position.

Shareholders will also receive two separate CVRs, which pay additional cash if the company reaches certain milestones.

Sears Holdings Corporation Common Stock (SHLDQ) was delisted and is no longer trading.

ProFrac Holding Corp. Class A Common Stock (PFHC) performed a ticker change to ACDC.

November 1, 2022
XPO LOGISTICS, INC. (XPO) performed a spinoff of RXO. For every 1 share of XPO held, shareholders will receive 1 share of RXO.

Hunt Companies Acquisition Corp. I (HTAQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2164 per share in cash.

Sarissa Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (SRSA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0686 per share in cash.

First Trust TCW ESG Premier Equity ETF (EPRE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.4454 per share in cash.

First Trust Dorsey Wright People's Portfolio ETF (DWPP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.7946 per share in cash.

NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund (SZC) performed a ticker change to NXG.

Color Star Technology Co. Ltd. Ordinary Shares (CSCW) performed a ticker change to ADD.

Telstra Corporation Limited Common Stock (TLSYY) performed a cusip change, and changed its symbol to TLGPY.

Benessere Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock (BENE) was delisted pending liquidation.

SPRAGUE RESOURCES LP (SRLP) was delisted pending a merger.

October 31, 2022
MicroSectors Gold Miners 3x Leveraged ETN (GDXU) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GDXU for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

MicroSectors FANG & Innovation 3x Leveraged ETN (BULZ) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BULZ for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

MicroSectors FANG+ Index 3X Leveraged ETNs due January 8, 2038 (FNGU) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FNGU for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Twitter, Inc. (TWTR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $54.20 per share in cash.

Pzena Investment Management, Inc. Class A (PZN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.60 per share in cash.

John Hancock Multifactor Financials ETF (JHMF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $43.5703 per share in cash.

John Hancock Multifactor Consumer Staples ETF (JHMS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $35.3530 per share in cash.

Lux Health Tech Acquisition Corp. Class A Common Stock (LUXA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0336 per share in cash.

John Hancock Multifactor Materials ETF (JHMA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $40.7402 per share in cash.

John Hancock Multifactor Technology ETF (JHMT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $67.7703 per share in cash.

John Hancock Multifactor Media and Communications ETF (JHCS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.1680 per share in cash.

Brilliance China Automotive Holdings Limited Unsponsored ADR (Bermuda) (BCAUY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.0313 per share in cash.

John Hancock Multifactor Energy ETF (JHME) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $34.7555 per share in cash.

John Hancock Multifactor Consumer Discretionary ETF (JHMC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $39.4110 per share in cash.

John Hancock Multifactor Utilities ETF (JHMU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $32.0883 per share in cash.

John Hancock Multifactor Healthcare ETF (JHMH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $45.1892 per share in cash.

John Hancock Multifactor Industrials ETF (JHMI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $45.3193 per share in cash.

Bull Horn Holdings Corp. Ordinary Shares (BHSE) performed a cusip change, and changed its symbol to COEP.

Provident Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (PAQC) performed a cusip change, and changed its symbol to PERF.

LMF Acquisition Opportunities Inc. Class A common stock (LMAO) performed a cusip change, and changed its symbol to ICU.

Climb Global Solutions, Inc. (WSTG) performed a ticker change to CLMB.

AllianzIM U.S. Large Cap Buffer10 Apr ETF (AZAA) performed a ticker change to APRT.

AllianzIM U.S. Large Cap Buffer10 Oct ETF (AZAO) performed a ticker change to OCTT.

AllianzIM U.S. Large Cap Buffer20 Jan ETF (AZBJ) performed a ticker change to JANW.

AllianzIM U.S. Large Cap Buffer20 Jul ETF (AZBL) performed a ticker change to JULW.

AllianzIM U.S. Large Cap Buffer10 Jul ETF (AZAL) performed a ticker change to JULT.

AllianzIM U.S. Large Cap Buffer10 Jan ETF (AZAJ) performed a ticker change to JANT.

AllianzIM U.S. Large Cap Buffer20 Apr ETF (AZBA) performed a ticker change to APRW.

AllianzIM U.S. Large Cap Buffer20 Oct ETF (AZBO) performed a ticker change to OCTW.

AdvisorShares Q Portfolio Blended Allocation ETF (QPT) was delisted pending liquidation.

Sarissa Capital Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (SRSA) was delisted pending liquidation.

Valkyrie ETF Trust II Valkyrie Balance Sheet Opportunities ETF (VBB) was delisted pending liquidation.

Telstra Corporation Limited Common Stock (TLSYY) was delisted pending an ADR termination.

October 28, 2022
Twitter, Inc. (TWTR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Pine Island Acquisition Corp. (PIPP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Solid Biosciences Inc. (SLDB) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SLDB for every 15 shares of SLDB previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Uxin Limited ADS (UXIN) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of UXIN for every 10 shares of UXIN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Ensysce Biosciences, Inc. (ENSC) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ENSC for every 20 shares of ENSC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Emles Made in America ETF (AMER) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.1871 per share in cash.

Emles Luxury Goods ETF (LUXE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.4744 per share in cash.

Emles Real Estate Credit ETF (REC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.0949 per share in cash.

Tekkorp Digital Acquisition Corp. (TEKK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0464 per share in cash.

Emles Alpha Opportunities ETF (EOPS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.5968 per share in cash.

Emles Federal Contractors ETF (FEDX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.5868 per share in cash.

Emles @Home ETF (LIV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.7348 per share in cash.

Endurance Acquisition Corp. (EDNC) performed a ticker change to SATX, changed its corporate name to SatixFy Communications, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

October 27, 2022
GBS Inc. (GBS) performed a ticker change to INBS, and changed its corporate name to Intelligent Bio Solutions Inc.

BOA Acquisition Corp. (BOAS) performed a ticker change to SLNA, changed its corporate name to Selina Hospitality PLC, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

First Trust Dorsey Wright People's Portfolio ETF (DWPP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

BCLS Acquisition Corp. (BLSA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

First Trust TCW ESG Premier Equity ETF (EPRE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

October 26, 2022
AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ACRX) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ACRX for every 20 shares of ACRX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Hoth Therapeutics, Inc. (HOTH) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HOTH for every 25 shares of HOTH previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Turmeric Acquisition Corp. (TMPM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0571 per share in cash.

Mna Capital Acquisition Corp. (MAAQ) performed a ticker change to CDIO, changed its corporate name to Cardio Diagnostics, Inc, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

CrowdGather, Inc. (CRWG) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Eaton Vance Floating-Rate 2022 Target Term Trust Common Shares of Beneficial Interest (EFL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

October 25, 2022
Altamira Therapeutics Ltd. (CYTO) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CYTO for every 20 shares of CYTO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Lefteris Acquisition Corp. (LFTR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0619 per share in cash.

Executive Network Partnering Corporation (ENPC) performed a ticker change to GRNT, changed its corporate name to Granite Ridge Resources, Inc, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

ALFI, Inc. (ALF) performed a ticker change to ALFIQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

XpresSpa Group, Inc. (XSPA) performed a ticker change to XWEL.

BlackRock Corporate High Yield Fund, Inc. Rights (HYT^) was declared worthless.

John Hancock Multifactor Consumer Discretionary ETF (JHMC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

John Hancock Multifactor Industrials ETF (JHMI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

John Hancock Multifactor Utilities ETF (JHMU) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

John Hancock Multifactor Financials ETF (JHMF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

John Hancock Multifactor Healthcare ETF (JHMH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

John Hancock Multifactor Technology ETF (JHMT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

John Hancock Multifactor Energy ETF (JHME) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

John Hancock Multifactor Consumer Staples ETF (JHMS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

John Hancock Multifactor Materials ETF (JHMA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

John Hancock Multifactor Media and Communications ETF (JHCS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Pareteum Corporation (TEUM) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

October 24, 2022
Greenbox POS (GBOX) performed a ticker change to RVYL, and changed its corporate name to Ryvyl Inc.

AB Svensk Ekportkredit ELEMENTS Linked to the Rogers International Commodity Index-Agriculture Total Return (RJA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

AB Svensk Ekportkredit ELEMENTS Linked to the Rogers International Commodity Index-Total Return (RJI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

AB Svensk Ekportkredit ELEMENTS Linked to the Rogers International Commodity Index-Energy Total Return (RJN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

AB Svensk Ekportkredit ELEMENTS Linked to the Rogers International Commodity Index-Metals Total Return (RJZ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

H.I.G Acquisition Corp. (HIGA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP (PMVC) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Battalion Oil Corporation Series B Warrants (HALC-B) expired worthless.

Battalion Oil Corporation Series C Warrants (HALC-C) expired worthless.

Battalion Oil Corporation Series A Warrants (HALC-A) expired worthless.

Hycroft Mining Holding Corporation Warrant (HYMCZ) expired worthless.

October 21, 2022
SINT Rights (SINT^) was declared worthless.

Kala Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (KALA) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KALA for every 50 shares of KALA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

MANNING & NAPIER, INC. (MN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.8500 per share in cash.

Revlon, Inc. (REV) performed a ticker change to REVRQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Sanaby Health Acquisition Corp. (SANB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

October 20, 2022
Unity Biotechnology, Inc. (UBX) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of UBX for every 10 shares of UBX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Zymergen Inc. (ZY) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9179 new shares of DNA for each old share of ZY previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Recharge Acquisition Corp. (RCHG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1252 per share in cash.

Alleghany Corporation (Y) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $848.0200 per share in cash.

Vy Global Growth (VYGG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0650 per share in cash.

ChemoCentryx, Inc. (CCXI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $52.0000 per share in cash.

Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE) performed a ticker change to ELME, and changed its corporate name to ELME Communities.

Turmeric Acquisition Corp. (TMPM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Emles @Home ETF (LIV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

PETROCHINA CO LTD American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (PTRCY) was delisted pending an ADR termination.

Emles Real Estate Credit ETF (REC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Emles Alpha Opportunities ETF (EOPS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Emles Made in America ETF (AMER) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Emles Luxury Goods ETF (LUXE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Emles Federal Contractors ETF (FEDX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

October 19, 2022
Avalara, Inc. (AVLR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $93.5000 per share in cash.

Atlantic Avenue Acquisition Corp (ASAQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0390 per share in cash.

Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. (SHLX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.8500 per share in cash.

Alleghany Corporation (Y) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

October 18, 2022
AUO CORPORATION American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (AUOTY) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.6067 and @ 0.8000 shares of new AUOTY for each share of old AUOTY previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Agrify Corporation (AGFY) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AGFY for every 10 shares of AGFY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Air Industries Group (AIRI) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AIRI for every 10 shares of AIRI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

9 Meters Biopharma, Inc. (NMTR) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NMTR for every 20 shares of NMTR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

BlackRock Income Trust Inc. (BKT) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BKT for every 3 shares of BKT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Romeo Power, Inc. (RMO) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1186 new shares of NKLA for each old share of RMO previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Forma Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (FMTX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.0000 per share in cash.

Ping Identity Holding Corp. (PING) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.5000 per share in cash.

Laix Inc American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (Cayman Islands) (LAIXY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.8500 per share in cash.

October 17, 2022
Salarius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SLRX) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SLRX for every 25 shares of SLRX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Missfresh Limited American Depositary Shares (MF) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MF for every 30 shares of MF previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

5:01 Acquisition Corp. (FVAM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0041 per share in cash.

Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. IV (IPOD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0561 per share in cash.

WBI BullBear Global Income ETF (WBII) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.74085466 per share in cash.

Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. VI (IBOF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0595 per share in cash.

WBI BullBear Trend Switch US 3000 Total Return ETF (WBIT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.11796302 per share in cash.

AXS First Priority CLO Bond ETF (AAA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Forma Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (FMTX) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

Romeo Power, Inc. (RMO) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Global Systems Dynamic Inc (GLEE) performed a ticker change to GSD.

Biotime, Inc. (BTX) performed a ticker change to ERNA and changed its corporate name to Eterna Therapeutics, Inc. Eterna Therapeutics, Inc. (ERNA) also performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ERNA for every 20 shares of ERNA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Fortress Value Acquisition Corp. IV (FVIV) had a listing change from OTC to XNYS and is now available to buy and sell.

VEON Ltd. ADS (VEON) is untradeable due to Russian sanctions. None of Robinhood's execution venues are accepting orders at this time.

October 14, 2022
Gravitas Education Holdings, Inc. (GEHI) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GEHI for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Covetrus, Inc. (CVET) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.0000 per share in cash.

TransGlobe Energy Corporation Ordinary Shares (Canada) (TGA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6727 new shares of EGY for each old share of TGA previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Terminix Global Holdings, Inc. (TMX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.4899 new shares of RTO for each old share of TMX previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

SEADRILL 2021 LTD (SEDRF) performed a ticker change to SDRL.

ABB Group (ABB) performed a spin-off. Shareholders received 0.05 shares of Accelleron Industries (ACLLY) for every share of ABB held on record date October 4, 2022. Fractional shares resulting from the spin-off will be included in your total position.

October 13, 2022
T2 Biosystems, Inc. (TTOO) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TTOO for every 50 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Exterran Corporation (EXTN) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0210 new shares of EFXT for each old share of EXTN previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Zymeworks Inc. (ZYME) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Synthetic Biologics, Inc. (SYN) performed a ticker change to TOVX, and changed its corporate name to Theriva Biologics, Inc.

BlackRock Corporate High Yield Fund, Inc. Rights (expiring October 13, 2022) (HYT^) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

October 12, 2022
Nielsen Holdings plc (NLSN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.0000 per share in cash.

Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc. Sponsored ADR (Japan)(TKOMY) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of TKOMY for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

iPath Shiller CAPE ETN (CAPD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Rentokil Initial Plc (Fgn) American Depositary Shares (RTOKY) performed a ticker change to RTO and was re-listed from OTC to NASDAQ.

Shinsei Bank Ltd Tokyo Sponsored ADR (Japan) (SKLKY) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

HUANENG PWR INTL INC American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (HNPIY) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Terminix Global Holdings, Inc. (TMX) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

October 11, 2022
Randolph Bancorp, Inc. (RNDB) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.0000 per share in cash.

Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc. (BRG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.2500 per share in cash.

Happiness Development Group (HAPP) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HAPP for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Cocrystal Pharma, Inc. (COCP) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of COCP for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

TPG Pace Beneficial Finance Corp. (TPGY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0576 per share in cash.

GAFISA S.A. ADR - Unsponsored (GFASY) performed a 1 for 9 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to GFASD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share(s) of GFASD for every 9 shares of GFASY previously held. Fractional shares will be retained. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

October 10, 2022
iBio, Inc. (IBIO) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IBIO for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Chardan NexTech Acquisition 2 Corp. (CNTQ) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, ticker change to DFLI, and changed its corporate name to Dragonfly Energy Corp.

L3 Technologies, Inc. (LLL) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, ticker change to JXJT, and changed its corporate name to JX Luxventure Limited.

TPG Pace Beneficial Finance Corp. (TPGY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

WBI BullBear Global Income (WBII) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

WBI BullBear Trend Switch US 3000 Total Return ETF (WBIT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Randolph Bancorp, Inc. (RNDB) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

October 7, 2022
Inpixon (INPX) performed a 1 for 75 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of INPX for every 75 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up.

Quanergy Systems, Inc. (QNGY)  performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of QNGY for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

The LGL Group, Inc. (LGL) performed a spinoff of MPTI. For every 1 shares of LGL held, shareholders will receive 0.50 shares of MPTI.

Amplify Cleaner Living ETF (DTOX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.8985106 per share in cash.

Infrastructure and Energy Alternatives, Inc. (IEA) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $10.50 and 0.0483 shares of MTZ for each share of IEA previously held.

Amplify Pure Junior Gold Miners ETF (JGLD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.3129598 per share in cash.

Convey Health Solutions Holdings, Inc. (CNVY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.5000 per share in cash.

GAMCO Investors, Inc. (GBL) performed a ticker change to GAMI. The security was delisted to OTC.

Kewpie Corp Sponsored ADR (Japan) (KWPCY) was delisted pending liquidation.

Avanti Acquisition Corp. (AVAN) was halted and it is currently not trading.

October 6, 2022
Biohaven Ltd. (BHVN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $148.50 per share in cash.

Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc. (BRG) performed a spinoff of BHM. For every 1 shares of BRG held, shareholders will receive 0.1250 shares of BHM. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

LadRx Corporation (CYTR) performed a ticker change to LADX.

Atlantic Avenue Acquisition Corp (ASAQ) was delisted.

Recharge Acquisition Corp. Class A (RCHG) was delisted.

Vy Global Growth (VYGG) was delisted.

Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc. (BRG) was delisted pending acquisition.

OPP Rights (OPP^) rights expired worthless.

October 5, 2022
Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (GBT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $68.50 per share in cash.

Akumin Inc. (AKU) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

CPI Aerostructures, Inc. (CVUA) performed a ticker change to CVU.

October 4, 2022
Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha Sponsored ADR (Japan) (NPNYY) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of NPNYY for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Alset EHome International Inc. (AEI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Change Healthcare Inc. (CHNG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.75 per share in cash.

Nintendo Co Ltd ADR (NTDOY) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of NTDOY for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

E-Home Household Service Holdings Limited Ordinary Shares (EJH) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EJH for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS INC (AMPE) was delisted to OTC.

Amplify Pure Junior Gold Miners ETF (JGLD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation.

Amplify Cleaner Living ETF (DTOX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation.

Biohaven Ltd. (BHVN) was delisted pending a cash merger. BHVN performed a spinoff of BHVN. For every 1 share of BHVN held, shareholders will receive 0.5000 shares of BHVN. Fractional shares will be retained.

October 3, 2022
CBTX, Inc. (CBTX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, ticker change to STEL, and changed its corporate name to Stellar Bancorp.

Xperi Inc. (XPER) changed its name to Adeia Inc (ADEA) and performed a spinoff. Shareholders received 0.4 shares of "new" Xperi (XPER) for every share of ADEA held on ex date Oct. 3, 2022. Fractional shares resulting from the spin-off will be paid as cash in lieu.

Duke Realty Corp. (DRE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4750 new shares of (PLD) PROLOGIS, INC. for each old share of DRE previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. (AVCT) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AVCT for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

North Mountain Merger Corp. (NMMC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0000 per share in cash.

Allegiance Bancshares, Inc. (ABTX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.4184 new shares of (STEL) Stellar Bancorp for each old share of ABTX previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Atlassian Corporation (TEAM) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Hanger Inc. (HNGR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.7500 per share in cash.

Akumin Inc. (AKU) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Ra Medical Systems, Inc. (RMED) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RMED for every 50 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $104.0000 per share in cash.

Aeon Global Health Corp. (AGHC) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

First Trust FTSE EPRA/ NAREIT Developed Markers Real Estate ETF (FFR) performed a ticker change to DTRE, and changed its corporate name to First Trust Alerian Disruptive Technology Real Estate ETF.

September 30, 2022
Direxion Russell 1000 Value Over Growth ETF (RWVG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $53.3794 per share in cash.

Noble Corporation (NE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Direxion Daily 5G Communications Bull 2X Shares (TENG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.2484 per share in cash.

Meggitt Plc (MEGGY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.9654 per share in cash.

Nobel Corp New Tranche 3 Warrant Exp 02/04/2026 (Cayman Islands) (NBLWF) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Direxion Russell 1000 Growth Over Value ETF (RWGV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $86.2756 per share in cash.

Hippo Holdings Inc. (HIPO) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HIPO for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Direxion Daily Cloud Computing Bear 2X Shares (CLDS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $38.7021 per share in cash.

Direxion Fallen Knives ETF (NIFE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $45.3636 per share in cash.

Direxion World Without Waste ETF (WWOW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.1895 per share in cash.

Direxion Low Priced Stock ETF (LOPX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.1955 per share in cash.

Zealand Pharma A/S American Depositary Shares (ZEAL) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

North Mountain Merger Corp. (NMMC) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

September 29, 2022
Northern Lights Acquisition Corp. (NLIT) performed a ticker change to SHFS, changed its corporate name to SHF Holdings, Inc, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Silver Crest Acquisition Corporation (SLCR) performed a ticker change to THCH, changed its corporate name to TH International Ltd., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Commercial International Bank Ltd Sponsored ADR (Egypt) (CIBEY) distributed a 0.504410311559% stock dividend. Shareholders received 0.00504410311559 additional shares for every share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

September 28, 2022
BBQ Holdings, Inc. (BBQ) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.2500 per share in cash.

STG Group, Inc. (STGGQ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

September 27, 2022
Kiora Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (KPRX) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KPRX for every 40 shares of KPRX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Credit Suisse X-Links Silver Shares (SLVO) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SLVO for every 20 shares of SLVO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Credit Suisse AG Credit Suisse X-Links Crude Oil Shares (USOI) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of USOI for every 20 shares of USOI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Credit Suisse X-Links Gold Shares (GLDI) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GLDI for every 20 shares of GLDI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (GCP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $32.0000 per share in cash.

AEA-Bridges Impact Corp. (IMPX) performed a ticker change to LVWR, changed its corporate name to LiveWire Group Inc and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

September 26, 2022
Color Star Technology Co. (CSCW) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CSCW for every 40 shares of CSCW previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Midatech Pharma PLC (MTP) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MTP for every 5 shares of MTP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Annaly Capital Management. Inc. (NLY) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NLY for every 4 shares of NLY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Qualstar Corporation (QBAK) performed a 1 for 1000 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of QBAK for every 1000 shares of QBAK previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Hailiang Education Group Inc. (HLG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.2600 per share in cash.

Q&K International Group Limited (QK) performed a ticker change to FLJ, and changed its corporate name to FLJ Group Limited American Depositary Shares.

RBC Bearings Incorporated (ROLL) performed a ticker change to RBC.

Direxion Russell 1000 Value Over Growth ETF (RWVG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion Daily 5G Communications Bull 2X Shares (TENG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion Low Priced Stock ETF (LOPX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion Russell 1000 Growth Over Value ETF (RWGV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion Daily Cloud Computing Bear 2X Shares (CLDS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion Fallen Knives ETF (NIFE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion World Without Waste ETF (WWOW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

September 23, 2022
TOP Ships, Inc. (TOPS) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TOPS for every 20 shares of TOPS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

HOEGH LNG PARTNERS LP (HMLP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.2500 per share in cash.

Mudrick Capital Acquisition Corporation (MUDS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1830 per share in cash.

Avenue Therapeutics, Inc. (ATXI) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ATXI for every 15 shares of ATXI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

CohBar, Inc. (CWBR) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CWBR for every 30 shares of CWBR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

OPP Rights (OPP^) rights are no longer trading. The deadline to exercise is September 23, 2022.

ECMOHO Limited American Depositary Shares (MOHO) was delisted from NASDAQ and now trades OTC under the new ticker symbol MOHOY. Because Robinhood does not support OTC stocks, users will be able to sell their existing shares, but not purchase additional shares.

September 22, 2022
Ventoux CCM Acquisition Corp. (VTAQ) performed a ticker change to PRST, changed its corporate name to Presto Automation Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

September 21, 2022
Celsion Corporation (CLSN) performed a ticker change to IMNN, and changed its corporate name to Imunon, Inc.

BIOFRONTERA AG American Depositary Shares - Sponsored (BFAGY) was delisted pending an ADR termination.

HIGHPEAK ENERGY INC Contingent Value Rights (HPKER) was declared worthless.

Condor Hospitality Trust, Inc. (CDOR) was declared worthless.

September 20, 2022
CHINA PETE & CHEM CORP American Depositary Shares - Sponsored (SNP) performed a ticker change to SNPTY. The security remains OTC and is set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Provident Financial Plc Sponsored ADR (UK) (FPLPY) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

September 19, 2022
Sonnet BioTherapeutics Holdings, Inc. (SONN) performed a 1 for 14 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SONN for every 14 shares of SONN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Syros Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SYRS) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SYRS for every 10 shares of SYRS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Tyme Technologies, Inc. (TYME) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0438 post-split shares of SYRS for each old share of TYME previously held

Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. (HMTV) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.0000 per share in cash.

Equity Distribution Acquisition Corp. (EQD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0404 per share in cash.

CF Acquisition Corp. VI (CFVI) performed a ticker change to RUM, changed its corporate name to Rumble Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Golden Path Acquisition Corporation (GPCO) performed a ticker change to HOLO, changed its corporate name to MicroCloud Hologram Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Mercedes-Benz Group AG American Depositary Receipts - Unsponsored (DMLRY) performed a ticker change to MBGYY.

September 16, 2022
Nabriva Therapeutics plc (NBRV) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NBRV for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Warrior Technologies Acquisition Company (WARR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0242 per share in cash.

USA Truck, Inc. (USAK) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.7200 per share in cash.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II Invesco DWA Tactical Multi-Asset Income ETF (DWIN) performed a ticker change to FOXO, changed its corporate name to FOXO Technologies Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Hailiang Education Group Inc. American Depositary Shares (HLG) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

September 15, 2022
Caladrius Biosciences, Inc. (CLBS) performed a 1 for 15 reverse split, and changed its ticker symbol to LSTA. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LSTA for every 15 shares of CLBS previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

CATCHMARK TIMBER TRUST, INC. (CTT) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.2300 new shares of PCH for each old share of CTT previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

ManTech International Corporation (MANT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $96.0000 per share in cash.

Basis Energy Services, Inc. (BASXQ) was declared worthless.

Basic Energy Services New Warrant Exp 12/23/2023 (BASWQ) was declared worthless.

WTS PHI GROUP INC (PHILW) was declared worthless.

September 14, 2022
JPMorgan U.S. Minimum Volatility ETF (JMIN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $36.0234 per share in cash.

Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (PANW) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of PANW for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

JPMorgan U.S. Dividend ETF (JDIV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $32.1377 per share in cash.

Aditxt, Inc. (ADTX) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ADTX for every 50 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. (HMTV) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

ION GEOPHYSICAL CORP (IOGPQ) was delisted from the OTC. The stock is currently not trading.

Great Panther Mining Limited (GPL) performed a ticker change to GPLDF. The security remains OTC and is set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

September 13, 2022
CleanTech Acquisition Corp. (CLAQ) performed a ticker change to KITT, changed its corporate name to Nauticus Robotics, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

NeuroBo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NRBO) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NRBO for every 30 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Adagio Therapeutics, Inc. (ADGI) performed a ticker change to IVVD, changed its corporate name to Invivyd, Inc.

Mudrick Capital Acquisition Corporation (MUDS) was delisted from NASDAQ. The stock is currently not trading.

September 12, 2022
E.Merge Technology Acquisition Corp. (ETAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0709 per share in cash.

Mandiant, Inc. (MNDT)  performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.0000 per share in cash.

ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. (ALJJ) was delisted to OTC.

Burcon NutraScience Corp. (BRCN) performed a ticker change to BRCNF. The security was delisted to OTC.

September 9, 2022
Infobird Co., Ltd (IFBD) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IFBD for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up.

Cineworld Group, Plc Unsponsored ADR (CNWGY) performed a symbol change to CNWGQ.

PETROCHINA CO LTD American Depositary Receipts (PTR) performed a symbol change to PTRCY and was delisted to OTC.

Salient Midstream & MLP Fund (SMM) was delisted pending acquisition.

CHINA PETROLEUM & CHEMICAL CORPORATION ADS (SNP) was suspended.

September 8, 2022
II-VI Incorporated (IIVI) performed a cusip change and symbol change to COHR.

Brickell Biotech, Inc. (BBI) performed a symbol change to FRTX.

Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical Co Ltd American Depositary Shares - Sponsored (China) (SHI) performed a symbol change to SHIIY and was delisted to OTC.

Aluminum Corp China Ltd Sponsored ADR Repstg H Shs (China) (ACH) performed a symbol change to ACHHY and was delisted to OTC.

Molecular Data Inc. (MKD) performed a symbol change to MKDTY and was delisted to OTC.

Allena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALNA) performed a symbol change to ALNAQ and was delisted to OTC.

New Age Beverages Corporation Common (NBEV) performed a symbol change to NBEVQ and was delisted to OTC.

September 7, 2022
InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (INM) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of INM for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Alexco Resource Corp. (AXU) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1160 new shares of HL for each old share of AXU previously held.

AdvisorShares North Square McKee ESG Core Bond ETF (MENV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.7405 per share in cash.

Creatd Inc. (CRTD) The security was delisted to OTC.

JPMorgan U.S. Dividend ETF (JDIV) was delisted pending liquidation.

JPMorgan U.S. Minimum Volatility ETF (JDIV) was delisted pending liquidation.

Premise Capital Diversified Tactical ETF (TCTL) was delisted pending liquidation.

Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) performed a symbol change to TLF.

Quince Therapeutics, Inc. (CRTX) performed a symbol change to QNCX.

Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp. (ELY) performed a symbol change to MODG.

Molecular Data Inc. American Depositary Shares (MKD) is suspended and not currently trading.

September 6, 2022
AutoWeb, Inc. (AUTO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.3900 per share in cash.

CynergisTek, Inc. (CTEK) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.2500 per share in cash.

E.Merge Technology Acquisition Corp. (ETAC) was delisted. Warrior Technologies Acquisition Company (WARR) was delisted.

Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical Co., Ltd. (SHI) is suspended.

September 2, 2022
CHEETAH MOBILE INC. (CMCM) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CMCM for every 5 shares of CMCM previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Isle of Capri Casinos, Inc. (ISLE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0184 per share in cash.

Centennial Resource Development, Inc. (CDEV) performed a ticker change to PR, changed its corporate name to Permian Resources Corporation, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (LFC) performed a ticker change to LFCHY. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Navidea Biopharmaceuticals Inc. (NAVB^) was declared worthless.

Alum Corp of China Limited (ACH) is suspended and not currently trading.

September 1, 2022
ShiftPixy, Inc. (PIXY) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to PIXY. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PIXY for every 100 shares of PIXY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

AlphaClone Alternative Alpha ETF (ALFA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $62.08262695 per share in cash.

DriveWealth Power Saver ETF (EERN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.3525 per share in cash.

Defiance Next Gen SPAC Derived ETF (SPAK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.7141553 per share in cash.

AutoWeb, Inc. (AUTO) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

CynergisTek, Inc. (CTEK) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

AdvisorShares Insider Advantage ETF (DBLV) performed a ticker change to SURE.

AdvisorShares North Square McKee ESG Core Bond ETF (MENV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

NatWest Group plc American Depositary Shares (NWG) is no longer trading when-issued. It is now fully tradeable on Robinhood.

August 31, 2022
Palatin Technologies, Inc. (PTN) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PTN for every 25 shares of PTN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ORC for every 5 shares of ORC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Second Sight Medical Products, Inc. (EYES) performed a ticker change to VANI, changed its corporate name to Vivani Medical, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Defiance Next Gen Altered Experience ETF (PSY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.9330 per share in cash.

Clarus Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (CRXT) is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

AlphaClone Alternative Alpha ETF (ALFA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

August 30, 2022
NatWest Group plc American Depositary Shares (NWG) performed a 13 for 14 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 13 shares of NWG for every 14 shares of NWG previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Software Acquisition Group Inc. (SWAG) performed a ticker change to NOGN, changed its corporate name to Nogin, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Plantronics, Inc. (POLY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $40.0000 per share in cash.

Basis Energy Services, Inc. (BASXQ) was delisted following bankruptcy and is currently not trading.

Basic Energy Services New Warrant Exp 12/23/2023 (BASWQ) was delisted following bankruptcy and is currently not trading.

DriveWealth Steady Saver ETF (STBL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

DriveWealth Power Saver ETF (EERN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Defiance Next Gen SPAC Derived ETF (SPAK) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Defiance Next Gen Altered Experience ETF (PSY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

August 29, 2022
Mind Medicine (MindMed) Inc. (MNMD) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MNMD for every 15 shares of MNMD previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Athersys, Inc. (ATHX) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ATHX for every 25 shares of ATHX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Nasdaq, Inc. (NDAQ) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of NDAQ for every 1 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Global Beta Smart Income ETF (GBDV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.42468227 per share in cash.

Global Beta Rising Stars ETF (GBGR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.7215 per share in cash.

Global Beta Low Beta ETF (GBLO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.5695328 per share in cash.

wShares Enhanced Gold ETF (WGLD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.0006 per share in cash.

United Bancshares, Inc. (UBOH) is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Isle of Capri Casinos, Inc. (ISLE) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Riverview Acquisition Corp. (RVAC) performed a ticker change to WEST, changed its corporate name to Westrock Coffee Company, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Jacobs Engineering Group (J) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

August 26, 2022
Soleno Therapeutics, Inc. (SLNO) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SLNO for every 15 shares of SLNO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

RiceBran Technologies (RIBT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RIBT for every 10 shares of RIBT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

First Wave BioPharma, Inc. (FWBI) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FWBI for every 30 shares of FWBI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

FAST Acquisition Corp. (FST) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0275 per share in cash.

Endo International plc (ENDP) performed a ticker change to ENDPQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

August 25, 2022
Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of TSLA for every 1 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Sharps Compliance Corp. (SMED) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.7500 per share in cash.

Cedar Realty Trust, Inc (CDR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.4765 per share in cash.

Rattler Midstream LP Common Units (RTLR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1130 new shares of FANG for each old share of RTLR previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

iShares MSCI Colombia ETF (ICOL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.0371 per share in cash.

iShares Evolved U.S. Consumer Staples ETF (IECS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $34.7218 per share in cash.

iShares Trust iShares MSCI Japan Equal Weighted ETF (EWJE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $32.0000 per share in cash.

iShares Evolved U.S. Healthcare Staples ETF (IEHS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $41.3929 per share in cash.

iShares MSCI Argentina and Global Exposure ETF (AGT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.4171 per share in cash.

iShares Evolved U.S. Innovative Healthcare ETF (IEIH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $34.1298 per share in cash.

iShares Evolved U.S. Media and Entertainment ETF (IEME) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.7783 per share in cash.

iShares Evolved U.S. Financials ETF (IEFN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.0349 per share in cash.

iShares Interest Rate Hedged Emerging Markets Bond ETF (EMBH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.2479 per share in cash.

iShares MSCI USA Mid-Cap Multifactor ETF (MIDF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $36.6871 per share in cash.

iShares Currency Hedged JPX-Nikkei 400 ETF (HJPX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $35.5140 per share in cash.

Digital Ally, Inc. (DGLY) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Skylight Health Group Inc Common Shares (SLHG) performed a ticker change to SLHGF. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

LMP AUTOMOTIVE HLDGS INC (LMPX) was delisted to OTC.

Tufin Software Technologies Ltd. (TUFN) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

Nutriband Inc. (NTRB) performed a 7 for 6 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 7 shares of NTRB for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

August 24, 2022
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Common Stock (DE) (LJPC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.2300 per share in cash.

Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc. (ASTI) had a listing change from OTC to NASDAQ and is now available to buy and sell.

Sharps Compliance Corp. (SMED) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

August 23, 2022
DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (DBRG) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share(s) of DBRG for every 4 shares of DBRG previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

BlueCity Holdings Limited American Depositary Shares (BLCT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.5500 per share in cash.

HIGHPEAK ENERGY INC Contingent Value Rights (HPKER) were delisted pending expiration.

iShares MSCI Colombia ETF (ICOL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Global Beta Smart Income ETF (GBDV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Evolved U.S. Healthcare Staples ETF (IEHS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Trust iShares MSCI Japan Equal Weighted ETF (EWJE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Interest Rate Hedged Emerging Markets Bond ETF (EMBH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Evolved U.S. Media and Entertainment ETF (IEME) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Evolved U.S. Consumer Staples ETF (IECS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Evolved U.S. Innovative Healthcare ETF (IEIH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

INVENTERGY GLOBAL INC (INVT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Global Beta Low Beta ETF (GBLO) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Evolved U.S. Financials ETF (IEFN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Global Beta Rising Stars ETF (GBGR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Currency Hedged JPX-Nikkei 400 ETF (HJPX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Cedar Realty Trust, Inc (CDR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Common Stock (DE) (LJPC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

wShares Enhanced Gold ETF (WGLD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares MSCI USA Mid-Cap Multifactor ETF (MIDF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares MSCI Argentina and Global Exposure ETF (AGT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

August 22, 2022
AMC ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC.(AMC) performed a spinoff into APE. For every 1 share of AMC held, shareholders will receive 1 shares of APE. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be retained.

Summit Therapeutics Inc. , Rights (SMMT^) expired worthless.

Social Capital Suvretta Holdings Corp. I Class A Ordinary Share (DNAA) performed a ticker change to AKLI, changed its corporate name to Akili, Inc, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

August 19, 2022
CYPRESS ENVIRONMENTAL PARTNERS L P (CELPQ) was declared worthless.

Second Sight Medical Products, Inc. (EYES) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EYES for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Blueknight Energy Partners L.P. (BKEP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.6500 per share in cash.

Bright Scholar Education Holdings (BEDU) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BEDU for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Morgan Creek - Exos SPAC Originated ETF (SPXZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.0220 per share in cash.

IMMUNE PHARMACEUTICALS INC. (IMNPQ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

FREESEAS INC (FREEF) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Grove, Inc. (GRVI) performed a ticker change to UPXI.

EROS MEDIA WORLD PLC (EMWP) performed a ticker change to EMWPF. The security was delisted to OTC.

Turning Point Therapeutics, Inc. (TPTX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $76.00 per share in cash.

August 18, 2022
Algoma Steel Group Inc. (ASTLZZ) was declared worthless.

Iterum Therapeutics plc (ITRM) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ITRM for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Local Corp (LOCMQ) performed a ticker change to LOCM.

Morgan Creek - Exos SPAC Originated ETF (SPXZ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Turning Point Therapeutics, Inc. (TPTX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Blueknight Energy Partners L.P. (BKEP) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Eros Media World PLC (EMWP) was halted and it is currently not trading.

August 17, 2022
iShares MSCI Russia ETF (ERUS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.0327 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Epizyme, Inc. (EPZM) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $1.4500 and 1.0000 shares of EPZM^ for each share of EPZM previously held. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Radius Health, Inc. (RDUS) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $10.0000 and 1.0000 shares of RDUS^ for each share of RDUS previously held. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Embark Technology, Inc. (EMBK) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EMBK for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

RedBall Acquisition Corp (RBAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0303 per share in cash.

GO Acquisition Corp. (GOAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0189 per share in cash.

TD Holdings, Inc. (GLG) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GLG for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Atotech Limited (ATC) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $16.2000 and 0.0552 shares of MKS Instruments, Inc. (MKSI) for each share of ATC previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Gold Standard Ventures Corp. (GSV) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.0001 and 0.1193 shares of Orla Mining (ORLA) for each share of GSV previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

August 16, 2022
Founder SPAC (FOUN) changed its corporate name to Rubicon Technologies, LLC (RBT), and changed its CUSIP number.

SailPoint Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SAIL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $65.2500 per share in cash.

Ribbit LEAP, Ltd. (LEAP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0342 per share in cash.

Radius Health, Inc. (RDUS) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

August 15, 2022
Root, Inc. (ROOT) performed a 1 for 18 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ROOT for every 18 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

SPX Corporation(SPXC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Nomad Royalty Company Ltd. (NSR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.2100 new shares of Sandstorm Gold Ltd (SAND) for each old share of NSR previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Apollo Investment Corporation (AINV) performed a ticker change to (MFIC), and changed its corporate name to MidCap Financial Investment Corporation.

Global Internet of People, Inc. (SDH) performed a ticker change to (EPOW), and changed its corporate name to Sunrise New Energy Co.

BlueCity Holdings Limited American Depositary Shares (BLCT) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Epizyme, Inc. (EPZM) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Ribbit LEAP, Ltd. (LEAP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

August 12, 2022
Quhuo Limited American Depository Shares (QH) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of QH for every 10 shares of QH previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Redbox Entertainment Inc. (RDBX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0870 new shares of CSSE for each old share of RDBX previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

SCVX CORP (SCVX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0146 per share in cash.

Gold Standard Ventures Corp. (GSV) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

August 11, 2022
Sentage Holdings Inc. Ordinary Shares (SNTG) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SNTG for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up.

Ocean Bio-Chem, Inc. (OBCI)  performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.0800 per share in cash.

Evofem Biosciences, Inc. (EVFM) was delisted to OTC.

Ascent Industries Co. (SYNL) performed a symbol change to ACNT.

TUI AG Unsponsored ADR representing Namen AKT (Germany) (TUIFY) was delisted pending ADR termination. Details are still pending.

August 10, 2022
Greenlane Holdings, Inc. (GNLN) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GNLN for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Artelo Biosciences, Inc. (ARTL) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ARTL for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up.

CHW Acquisition Corporation (CHWA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a symbol change to PET.

American Campus Communities, Inc. (ACC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $65.47 per share in cash.

Ocean Bio-Chem, Inc. (OBCI) was delisted pending a merger.

August 9, 2022
Tidal ETF Trust SoFi Be Your Own Boss ETF (GIGE) performed a symbol change to BYOB.

SoFi Smart Energy ETF (SHFT) performed a symbol change to ENRG.

CHW Acquisition Corporation Ordinary Share (CHWA) is now tradable.

August 8, 2022
Collaborative Investment Series Trust Tuttle Capital Short Innovation ETF (SARK) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

The De-SPAC ETF (DSPC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

The Short De-SPAC ETF (SOGU) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

FOMO ETF (FOMO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

DPCM Capital, Inc. (XPOA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.4541 new shares of QBTS for each old share of XPOA previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

REX American Resources Corp. (REX) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of REX for every 1 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

NEXTDECADE CORP Warrant Exp 07/24/2022 (NEXTW) was declared worthless.

IMAC Holdings, Inc. (IMAC) performed a ticker change to BACK.

ELEMENTS Linked to the SPECTRUM Large Cap U.S.Sector Momentum Index (EEH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

August 5, 2022
U.S. Well Services, Inc. (USWS) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of USWS for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

August 4, 2022
MERITOR, Inc. (MTOR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $36.5000 per share in cash.

NEOPHOTONICS CORP (NPTN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.0000 per share in cash.

L&F Acquisition Corp. (LNFA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and a ticker change to ZFOX.

Alpha Capital Acquisition Company (ASPC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and a ticker change to STIX.

PJSC Gazprom American Depositary Receipts (OGZPY) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

August 3, 2022
MeaTech 3D Ltd. (MITC) performed a ticker change to STKH, and changed its corporate name to Steakholder Foods Ltd.

MERITOR, Inc. (MTOR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

NEOPHOTONICS CORP (NPTN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

August 2, 2022
Entasis Therapeutics Holdings Inc. (ETTX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.2000 per share in cash.

Angel Oak Dynamic Financial Strategies Income Term Trust (DYFN) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.1732 new shares of FINS for each old share of DYFN previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Fortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC (FTAI) performed a spinoff. For every 1 share of FTAI held, shareholders will receive 1 share of FTAI Infrastructure Inc. (FIP).

New Residential investment Corp. (NRZ) performed a ticker change to RITM, and changed its corporate name to Rithm Capital Corp.

August 1, 2022
Brookline Capital Acquisition Corp. (BCAC) performed a ticker change to APGN, changed its corporate name to Apexigen, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Duddell Street Acquisition Corp. (DSAC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.5714 new shares of NOTE for each old share of DSAC previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

AI Powered International Equity ETF (AIIQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive 24.6028024 per share in cash.

Welbilt, Inc. (WBT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.0000 per share in cash.

Gobi Acquisition Corp. (GOBI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0170 per share in cash.

SonicShares Airlines, Hotels, Cruise Lines ETF (TRYP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.6561 per share in cash.

Uncommon Portfolio Design Core Equity ETF (UGCE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.9915 per share in cash.

Quoin Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. (QNRX) performed a 2 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of QNRX for every 25 shares of QNRX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Franklin LibertyQ Global Dividend ETF (FLQD) performed a ticker change to UDIV, and changed its corporate name to Franklin U.S. Core Dividend Tilt Index ETF.

Franklin LibertyQ International Hedged Equity ETF (FLQH) performed a ticker change to DIVI, and changed its corporate name to Franklin International Core Dividend Tilt Index ETF.

Franklin LibertyQ Global Equity ETF (FLQG) performed a ticker change to USPX, and changed its corporate name to Franklin U.S. Equity Index ETF .

Cortexyme, Inc. (CRTX) performed a ticker change to QNCX, and changed its corporate name to Quince Therapeutics, Inc.

Orbital Energy Group, Inc. (OEG) performed a ticker change to OIG, and changed its corporate name to Orbital Infrastructure Group, Inc.

First Trust Global Engineering and Construction ETF (FLM) performed a ticker change to RBLD, and changed its corporate name to First Trust Alerian US NextGen Infrastructure ETF.

Angel Oak Dynamic Financial Strategies Income Term Trust (DYFN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

July 29, 2022
ARK Transparency ETF (CTRU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.9023 per share in cash.

Metromile, Inc. (MILE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0526 new shares of Lemonade (LMND) for each old share of MILE previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Volshares Large Cap ETF (VSL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

AI Powered International Equity ETF (AIIQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Euclid Capital Growth ETF (EUCG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Welbilt, Inc. (WBT) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

July 28, 2022
Greenpro Capital Corp. (GRNQ) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GRNQ for every 10 shares of GRNQ previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

MCEWEN MINING, INC. (MUX) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MUX for every 10 shares of MUX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Waldencast Acquisition (WALD) changed its corporate name to Waldencast plc, and changed its CUSIP number.

Iris Acquisition Corp (ATVC) performed a ticker change to IRAA.

July 27, 2022
Global Synergy Acquisition Corp. (GSAQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.01712136 per share in cash.

BOMBARDIER INC (BDRBD) performed a ticker change to BDRBF.

ARK Transparency ETF (CTRU) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

TELIGENT INC NEW (TLGTQ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

July 26, 2022
Pershing Square Tontine Holdings, Ltd. (PSTH) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $20.05802547 cash per each share of PSTH previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Pluristem Therapeutics, Inc. (PSTI) performed a ticker change to PLUR, and changed its corporate name to Pluri Inc. Pluristem Therapeutics, Inc. (PSTI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Sundial Growers Inc. (SNDL) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SNDL for every 10 shares of SSNDL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Exela Tech Warrant (XELAW) was declared worthless.

Motus GI Holdings, Inc. (MOTS) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MOTS for every 20 shares of MOTS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Cornerstone Building Brands, Inc. (CNR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.6500 per share in cash.

Exela Technologies, Inc. (XELA) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XELA for every 20 shares of XELA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

July 25, 2022
Sanderson Farms, Inc. (SAFM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $203.0000 per share in cash.

CC Neuberger Principal Holdings (PRPB) changed its corporate name to Getty Images Holdings, Inc. CC Neuberger Principal Holdings (PRPB) performed a ticker change to GETY and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

AWTM Ultra-Short Duration Enhanced Income ETF (AWTM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $48.18293003 per share in cash.

Great Panther Mining Limited (GPL) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GPL for every 10 shares of GPL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Synthetic Biologics, Inc. (SYN) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SYN for every 10 shares of SYN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc. (GWAV) had a listing change from OTC to NASDAQ and is now available to buy and sell.

NEXTDECADE CORP Warrants (NEXTW) were delisted pending expiration.

SonicShares Airlines, Hotels, Cruise Lines ETF (TRYP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Uncommon Portfolio Design Core Equity ETF (UGCE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Cornerstone Building Brands, Inc. (CNR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

July 22, 2022
Cellectar Biosciences, Inc. (CLRB) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CLRB for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Natus Medical Incorporated (NTUS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $33.5000 per share in cash.

PS Business Parks, Inc. (PSB) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $182.2500 per share in cash.

GameStop Corp. (GME) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of GME for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

Macquarie Infrastructure Holdings, LLC (MIC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.1100 per share in cash.

ArcLight Clean Transition Corp. II (ACTD) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, a ticker change to OPAL, and changed its corporate name to OPAL Fuels LLC.

1847 Goedeker, Inc. GOED performed a ticker and name change to (POL) Polished.com Inc.

July 21, 2022
Vonage Holdings Corp. (VG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.0000 per share in cash.

Aeterna Zentaris Inc. (AEZS) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AEZS for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

ServiceSource International, Inc. (SREV) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.5000 per share in cash.

HEALTHCARE TRUST OF AMERICA, INC. (HTA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, ticker change to HR, and changed its corporate name to Healthcare Realty Trust Incorporated.

Healthcare Realty Trust Incorporated (HR) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Biote Corp (BTMD) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

ENEL AMERICAS S A American Depositary Receipts (ENIAY) was delisted.

Macquarie Infrastructure Holdings, LLC (MIC) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

July 20, 2022
G3 VRM Acquisition Corp. (GGGV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1500 per share in cash.

B. Riley Principal Merger Corp. (BRPM) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and changed its corporate name to FaZe Holdings Inc. (FAZE).

Adeptus Escrow (ADPTQZZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.1404 per share in cash.

Biote Corp. (BTMD) was suspended pending liquidation. Details are still pending.

PS Business Parks, Inc. (PSB) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

July 19, 2022
GSK plc (GSK) performed a spinoff. For every 1 share of GSK held, shareholders will receive 1 share of Haleon (HLN). Fractional shares from the spinoff will be retained.

GSK plc (GSK) performed a 4 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 share(s) of GSK for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be retained.

ITHAX Acquisition Corp. (ITHX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and changed its corporate name to Mondee Holdings Inc. (MOND).

July 18, 2022
Avedro, Inc. (AVDR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.2587 per share in cash.

Alphabet Inc. Class C (GOOG) performed a 20 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 20 shares of GOOG for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

AVDR US LargeCap ESG ETF (AVDG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.7415 per share in cash.

Alphabet Inc. Class A (GOOGL) performed a 20 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 20 shares of GOOGL for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

ETFMG Real Estate Tech ETF (HHH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

ETFMG Prime 2x Daily Inverse Junior Silver Miners ETF (SINV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

AWTM Ultra-Short Duration Enhanced Income ETF (AWTM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

July 15, 2022
Enveric Biosciences, Inc. (ENVB) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ENVB for every 50 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up.

Ecofin Digital Payments Infrastructure Fund (TPAY) performed a symbol change to ETPA.

July 14, 2022
KINGSWOOD ACQUISITION CORP (KWAC) was delisted to OTC.

July 13, 2022
Marrone Bio Innovations, Inc. (MBII) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0880 new shares of BIOX for each old share of MBII previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

MMTec, Inc. (MTC) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MTC for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up.

COHEN & STEERS MLP INCOME AND ENERGY OPPORTUNITY FUND (MIE^) expired worthless.

H-CYTE, Inc. (HCYTD) performed a symbol change to HCYT.

Exela Tech Warrant Warrant (XELAW) was delisted pending a expiration. Details are still pending.

Mobile TeleSystems Public Joint Stock Company American Depositary Shares (MBT) was delisted.

July 12, 2022
Social Capital Suvretta Holdings (DNAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a symbol change to PROK.

Entasis Therapeutics Holdings Inc. (ETTX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Avedro, Inc (AVDR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

AVDR US LargeCap ESG ETF (AVDG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

July 11, 2022
WESTERN ASSET MORTGAGE CAPITAL CORPORATION (WMC) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WMC for every 10 shares previously held.

ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

CDK Global, Inc. (CDK) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $54.8700 per share in cash.

Enjoy Technology, Inc. (ENJY) performed a ticker change to ENJYQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

July 8, 2022
Avalo Therapeutics, Inc. (AVTX) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AVTX for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

The Gabelli Utility & Income Trust RIghts (GLU^) was declared worthless.

IT Tech Packaging, Inc. (ITP) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ITP for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

GTY Technology Holdings Inc. (GTYH) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.3000 per share in cash.

CBM BANCORP INC (CBMB) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.7500 per share in cash.

V2X, Inc. (VEC) performed a ticker change to VVX.

HUANENG PWR INTL INC American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (HNP) performed a ticker change to HNPIY. The security was delisted to OTC.

July 7, 2022
ATLAS FINL HLDGS INC Ordinary Shares (AFHIQ) performed a ticker change to AFHIF.

CDK Global, Inc. (CDK) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

ORPHAZYME A/S American Depositary Shares - Sponsored (ORPHY) was delisted pending an ADR termination.

4D pharma plc American Depositary Shares (LBPS) was halted and it is currently not trading.

G3 VRM Acquisition Corp. (GGGV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

July 6, 2022
SOS Limited (SOS) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SOS for every 50 shares previously held.

Neenah, Inc. (NP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.3580 new shares of SWM for each old share of NP previously held.

Cabot Microelectronics Corporation (CCMP) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $133.0000 and 0.4506 shares of ENTG for each share of CCMP previously held.

Whiting Petroleum Corporation (WLL) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $6.2500 and 0.5774 shares of CHRD for each share of WLL previously held.

Points International Ltd. (PCOM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.0000 per share in cash.

Westpac Banking Corporation (WBK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.4883 per share in cash.

Envirotech Vehicles, Inc. (EVTVD) performed a ticker change to EVTV.

ADVAXIS INC (ADXSD) performed a ticker change to ADXS.

Schweitzer-Mauduit International, Inc. (SWM) performed a ticker change to MATV, and changed its corporate name to Mativ Holdings, Inc.

July 5, 2022
Prudential Bancorp, Inc. (PBIP) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $3.6500 and 0.7974 shares of FULT for each share of PBIP previously held.

Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ABEO for every 25 shares previously held.

Mind Medicine (MindMed) Inc. (MNMD) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Brickell Biotech, Inc. (BBI) performed a 1 for 45 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BBI for every 45 shares previously held.

Coherent, Inc. (COHR) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $220.0000 and 0.9100 shares of IIVI for each share of COHR previously held.

AVIVA PLC American Depositary Receipts - Unsponsored (AVVID) performed a ticker change to AVVIY.

Oasis Petroleum (OAS) performed a name change and ticker change to Chord Energy (CHRD)

Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp (SHIP) performed a spinoff of USEA. For every 118 share of SHIP held on record date 6/28, shareholders will receive 1 shares of USEA.

July 1, 2022
Sierra Oncology, Inc. (SRRA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $55.0000 per share in cash.

The NextGen Trend and Defend ETF (TRDF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.5863 per share in cash.

National Security Group, Inc. (NSEC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.3500 per share in cash.

Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. (SAL) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SAL for every 1 shares previously held.

Consolidated-Tomoka Land Co. (CTO) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of CTO for every 1 shares previously held.

Encompass Health Corporation (EHC) performed a spinoff of EHAB. For every 1 share of EHC held, shareholders will receive 0.5000 shares of EHAB.

Prudential Bancorp, Inc. (PBIP) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

Points International Ltd. (PCOM) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

Whiting Petroleum Corporation (WLL) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

June 30, 2022
Vinco Ventures, Inc. (BBIG) performed a spinoff of TYDE. For every 1 shares of BBIG held, shareholders will receive 0.1 shares of TYDE.

Trecora Resources (TREC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.8100 per share in cash.

Cornerstone Strategic Value Fund, Rights expired worthless.

Exicure, Inc. (XCUR) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XCUR for every 30 shares previously held.

Simplify Volt Fintech Disruption ETF (VFIN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.6282 per share in cash.

Cornerstone Total Return Fund, Inc, Rights (CRF^) expired worthless.

IMO Dividend Contra (IMO+) was deemed worthless.

Simplify Volt Pop Culture Disruption ETF (VPOP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.3295 per share in cash.

June 29, 2022
AGFiQ Hedged Dividend Income Fund (DIVA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.0731 per share in cash.

Tivity Health, Inc. (TVTY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $32.5000 per share in cash.

Regulus Therapeutics Inc. (RGLS) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share(S) of RGLS for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Millicom International Cellular S.A. Rights (TIGOR) was declared worthless.

Shopify Inc. (SHOP) performed a 10 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 10 shares of SHOP for every 1 share previously held.

Agrico Acquisition Corp. (RICO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and ticker change to KAL.

UTStarcom Holdings Corp. (UTSI) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share(S) of UTSI for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

The Gabelli Utility & Income Trust RIghts (GLU^) was delisted.

June 28, 2022
Anthem (ANTM) performed a name change and ticker change to Elevance Health (ELV).

JUPAI HLDGS LTD American Depositary Shares - Sponsored (Cayman Islands) (JP) performed a ticker change to JPPYY. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Fanhua Inc. American Depositary Shares (FANH) performed a spinoff of CNF. For every 1 share of FANH held, shareholders will receive 0.2355 shares of CNF.

June 27, 2022
Madison Strategic Sector Premium Fund (MSP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $35.5000 per share in cash.

Borqs Technologies, Inc. (BRQS) performed a 1 for 16 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 shares of BRQS for every 16 shares of BRQS previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Envirotech Vehicles, Inc. (EVTV) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to EVTVD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share(s) of EVTVD for every 20 shares of EVTV previously held.

Blonder Tongue Laboratories Inc (BDR) performed a ticker change to BDRL. The security was delisted to OTC.

Jupai Holdings Limited American depositary shares, each representing six ordinary shares (JP) was halted and it is currently not trading.

Simplify Volt Pop Culture Disruption ETF (VPOP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Simplify Volt Fintech Disruption ETF (VFIN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Trecora Resources (TREC) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

June 24, 2022
Preferred Apartment Communities, Inc. (APTS) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.0000 per share in cash.

Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. (STAF) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of STAF for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Gores Guggenheim, Inc. (GGPI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, a ticker change to PSNY, and changed its corporate name to Polestar Automotive Holding.

MALLINCKRODT (MNKKQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Impact Shares MSCI Global Climate Select ETF (NTZO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.0611 per share in cash.

Simply, Inc. (SIMP) changed its ticker to (SIMPQ).

The NextGen Trend and Defend ETF (TRDF) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

June 23, 2022
ELECTRIC LAST MILE SOLUTIONS INC. (ELMS) changed its ticker to (ELMSQ), and was delisted to OTC.

CYPRESS ENVIRONMENTAL PARTNERS L P (CELPQ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

EJF Acquisition Corp. (EJFA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, a ticker change to PGY, and changed its corporate name to Pagaya Technologies Ltd.

Madison Strategic Sector Premium Fund (MSP) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

WISeKey International Holding (WKEY) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WKEY for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Anaplan, Inc. (PLAN) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $63.7500 per share in cash.

Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of FTNT for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

June 22, 2022
Summer Infant, Inc. (SUMR) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.0000 per share in cash.

R1 RCM Inc. (RCM) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Anaplan, Inc. (PLAN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Impact Shares MSCI Global Climate Select ETF (NTZO) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

June 21, 2022
Four Seasons Education (Cayman) Inc. (FEDU) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FEDU for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

iClima Climate Change Solutions ETF (CLMA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.7516949 per share in cash.

GECC Rights (GECC^) expired worthless.

Minerva Neurosciences, Inc. (NERV) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NERV for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Infusive Compounding Global Equities ETF (JOYY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.4378 per share in cash.

ENEL AMERICAS S A American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (ENIA) changed its ticker to (ENIAY), and was delisted to OTC.

June 17, 2022
Virgin Group Acquisition Corp. II (VGII) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a ticker change to GROV.

MALLINCKRODT PLC NEW SHS (Ireland) (MNKKQ) performed a ticker change to MNKPF.

Tate & Lyle Plc 25 P Ord American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (TATYD) performed a ticker change to TATYY.

Gazprom Neft PJSC American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (GZPFY) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Renovare Environmental, Inc. (RENO) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

June 16, 2022
Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PEI) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share(S) of PEI for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Oaktree Acquisition Corp. II (OACB) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, a ticker change to AVLO.

Panbela Therapeutics, Inc. (PBLA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Limelight Networks (LLNW) performed a name change and ticker change to Edgio (EGIO).

Stevanato Group S.p.A. (STVN) is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Ermenegildo Zegna N.V. (ZGN) is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Constellium SE (CSTM) is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Wallbox N.V. (WBX) is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

Sberbank Russia Sponsored American Depository Receipt (Russia) (SBRCY) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

June 15, 2022
Calithera Biosciences, Inc. (CALA) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share(S) of CALA for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Tuatara Capital Acquisition Corporation (TCAC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 2.0000 new shares of SBIG for each old share of TCAC previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

June 14, 2022
OSTK Digital Dividend (OSTKO) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9000 new shares of OSTK for each old share of OSTKO previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Renewable Energy Group, Inc. (REGI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $61.5000 per share in cash.

Pulse Biosciences, Inc. (DE) (PLSE^) rights expired worthless.

TDH Holdings, Inc. (PETZ) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share(S) of PETZ for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up.

Overstock Com Inc Del Pfd Vtg Ser B (OSTBP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9000 new shares of OSTK for each old share of OSTBP previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

China Auto Logistics Inc. (CALI) performed a ticker change to CALIQ and continues to trade OTC.

AGFiQ Hedged Dividend Income Fund (DIVA) was delisted pending a liquidation.

June 13, 2022
Brookfield Infrastructure Corporation (BIPC) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of BIPC for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of DXCM for every 1 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Neptune Technologies & Bioresources Inc. (NEPT) performed a 1 for 35 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NEPT for every 35 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Global X Funds Global X Cannabis ETF (POTX) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of POTX for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

RISE Education Cayman Ltd (REDU) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to NaaS Technology Inc. (NAAS). This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NAAS for every 5 shares of REDU previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Bombardier Inc. (BDRBF) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to (BDRBD). This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BDRBD for every 25 shares of BDRBF previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. (BIP) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of BIP for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

H-CYTE, Inc. (HCYT) performed a 1 for 1000 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to (HCYTD). This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HCYTD for every 1000 shares of HCYT previously held.

WVS Financial Corp. (WVFC) was delisted to OTC.

On Track Innovations Ltd (OTIVF) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

DiDi Global Inc. (DIDI) changed its ticker to (DIDIY), and was delisted to OTC.

Zosano Pharma CorporatioN (ZSAN) changed its ticker to (ZSANQ), and was delisted to OTC.

June 10, 2022
Globis Acquisition Corp. (GLAQ) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, a ticker change to AFRI, and changed its corporate name to Forafric Global PLC.

Cerner Corporation (CERN) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $95.0000 per share in cash.

Trepont Acquisition Corp I (TACA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1046 per share in cash.

June 9, 2022
Dynamics Special Purpose Corp. (DYNS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, a ticker change to SNTI, and changed its corporate name to Senti Biosciences, Inc.

Kinetik Holdings Inc. (KNTK) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of KNTK for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Meta Platforms, Inc. (FB) performed a ticker change to META.

Anywhere Real Estate Inc. (RLGY) performed a ticker change to HOUS.

Cerner Corporation (CERN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Millicom International Cellular S.A. Rights (TIGOR) rights are no longer trading. The deadline to exercise is Monday June 13, 2022.

June 8, 2022
SVF Investment Corp. (SVFC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and changed its corporate name to Symbotic Inc.(SYM).

Cascade Acquisition Corp. (CAS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1000 per share in cash.

June 7, 2022
Fangdd Network Group Ltd (DUO) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DUO for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

A-Mark Precious Metals, Inc. (AMRK) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of AMRK for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

AIkido Pharma Inc. (AIKI) performed a 1 for 17 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AIKI for every 17 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

NUVEEN ENHANCED MUNICIPAL VALUE FUND (NEV) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9305 new shares of NZF for each old share of NEV previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

June 6, 2022
Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) performed a 20 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 20 shares of AMZN for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Aviva (AVVIY) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $2.3935 and 0.7600 shares of AVVIY for each share of AVVIY previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Invesco Mortgage Capital Inc. (IVR) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IVR for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Falcon Minerals Corporation (FLMN) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split, changed its ticker to STR, and changed its corporate name to Sitio Royaltie. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of STR for every 4 shares of FLMN previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Eros STX Global Corporation (ESGC) performed a ticker change to EMWP, and changed its corporate name to Eros Media World PLC.

NUVEEN ENHANCED MUNICIPAL VALUE FUND (NEV) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

ADVAXIS INC. (ADXS) performed a 1 for 80 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to ADXSD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ADXSD for every 80 shares of ADXS previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

June 3, 2022
Histogen Inc. (HSTO) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HSTO for every 20 shares previously held.

Boqii Holding (BQ) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BQ for every 6 shares previously held.

Zhangmen Education Inc. (ZME) was halted and it is currently not trading.

Genocea Biosciences, Inc. (GNCA) was delisted to OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Zhangmen Education Inc. (ZME) performed a ticker change to ZMENY. The security was delisted to OTC.

June 2, 2022
Nuveen Credit Opportunities 2022 Target Term Fund (JCO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.9446 per share in cash.

CASI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CASI) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CASI for every 10 shares previously held.

BHP Billiton (BHP) performed a spinoff of Woodside Energy Group (WDS). For every 1 share of BHP held, shareholders will receive 0.3614 shares of WDS. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Checkmate Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CMPI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.5000 per share in cash.

Woodside Energy Group (WOPEY) performed a ticker change to (WDS).

June 01, 2022
TriState Capital Holdings, Inc. (TSC) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $6.00 and 0.2500 shares of RJF for each share of TSC previously held.

Vidler Water Resources, Inc. (VWTR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.75 per share in cash.

Omnichannel Acquisition Corp. (OCA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.00 per share in cash.

Luby's Inc. (LUB) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a ticker change to LUB^.

MSP Recovery, Inc. (MSPRV) performed a ticker change to MSPRW.

Checkmate Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CMPI) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

May 31, 2022
Nationwide Risk-Based U.S. Equity ETF (RBUS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $38.07067263 per share in cash.

Nationwide Maximum Diversification U.S. Core Equity ETF (MXDU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $34.63095743 per share in cash.

Nationwide Risk-Based International Equity ETF (RBIN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.10211566 per share in cash.

Farmmi, Inc. Ordinary Shares (FAMI) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FAMI for every 25 shares previously held.

Neuberger Berman High Yield Strategies Fund Inc Rights (NHS^) rights expired worthless.

IRSA Propiedades Comerciales S.A. American Depositary Shares (IRCP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5600 new shares of IRS for each old share of IRCP previously held.

Apollo Strategic Growth Capital (APSG) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a ticker change to GBTG.

Direxion Daily Energy Bear 2X Shares (ERY)  performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ERY for every 10 shares previously held.

Direxion Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X Shares (CWEB) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CWEB for every 10 shares previously held.

Direxion Daily FTSE China Bull 3X Shares (YINN) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of YINN for every 20 shares previously held.

Luby's Inc. (LUB) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

May 27, 2022
Ortho Clinical Diagnostics Holdings (OCDX) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $7.1400 and 0.1055 shares of QDEL for each share of OCDX previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

American CareSource Holdings, Inc. (GNOW) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Tanzanian Gold Corporation (TRX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Quidel Corporation (QDEL) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Hudson Capital Inc. (HUSN) changed its corporate name to Freight Technologies Inc. (FRGT), and changed its CUSIP number.

Haymaker Acquisition Corp. III (HYAC) changed its corporate name to biote Corp. (BTMD), and changed its CUSIP number.

ProShares Ultra Oil & Gas (DIG) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of DIG for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

ProShares Ultra Basic Materials ETF (UYM) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of UYM for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

ProShares UltraShort MSCI Brazil Capped (BZQ) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BZQ for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

ProShares UltraShort Consumer Services ETF (SCC) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SCC for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Blue Hat (BHAT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BHAT for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

May 26, 2022
ProShares UltraShort Bloomberg Crude Oil (SCO) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SCO for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

ProShares UltraShort Bloomberg Natural Gas (KOLD) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KOLD for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

ProShares UltraShort Yen (YCS) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of YCS for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

ProShares Ultra Bloomberg Crude Oil (UCO) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of UCO for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

American National Group, Inc. (ANAT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $190.0000 per share in cash.

Intricon Corporation (IIN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.2500 per share in cash.

CNOOC Limited (CEO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $136.0461 per share in cash.

Cootek Cayman Inc American Depositary Receipts (CTK) performed a ticker change to CTKYY. The security was delisted to OTC.

Nationwide Risk-Based U.S. Equity ETF (RBUS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Nuveen Credit Opportunities 2022 Target Term Fund (JCO) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Nationwide Maximum Diversification U.S. Core Equity ETF (MXDU) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Nationwide Risk-Based International Equity ETF (RBIN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Vidler Water Resources, Inc. (VWTR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

May 25, 2022
Baosheng Media Group Holdings (BAOS) performed a 5 for 16 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 16 shares of BAOS for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Antares Pharma, Inc. (ATRS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.60 per share in cash.

Net 1 UEPS Technologies, Inc. (UEPS) performed a ticker change to LSAK, and changed its corporate name to Lesaka Technologies, Inc.

DoubleLine Shiller CAPE U.S. Equities ETF (DCPE) performed a ticker change to CAPE.

Intricon Corporation (IIN) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

May 24, 2022
Hive Blockchain Technologies Ltd. (HIVE) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HIVE for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Zynga Inc. (ZNGA) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $3.5000 and 0.0406 shares of TTWO for each share of ZNGA previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Lionheart Acquisition Corp. II (LCAP) performed a ticker change to MSPR, and changed its corporate name to MSP Recovery, Inc. Lionheart Acquisition Corp. II (LCAP) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

RYB Education (RYB) performed a ticker change to GEHI, and changed its corporate name to Gravitas Education Holdings, Inc.

Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. (NCBS) performed a ticker change to NIC.

May 23, 2022
PHOENIX NEW MEDIA LIMITED (FENG) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FENG for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Molecular Data Inc. (MKD) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MKD for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Evoke Pharma, Inc. (EVOK) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EVOK for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Woodside Energy Group Ltd American Depositary Receipts (WOPEY) was delisted to OTC.

ARMSTRONG FLOORING INC (AFI) performed a ticker change to AFIIQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

May 20, 2022
OTR Acquisition Corp. (OTRA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to CMRA.

Tate & Lyle Plc Sponsored ADR (UK) (TATYY) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $5.2426 and 0.8571 shares of TATYD for each share of TATYY previously held.

Leju Holdings Limited (LEJU) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LEJU for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Saba Capital Income & Opportunities Fund (BRW) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BRW for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

BEST Inc. American Depositary Shares (BEST) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BEST for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Fang Holdings Limited (SFUN) performed a ticker change to SFUNY. The security was delisted to OTC.

CPI Aerostructures, Inc. (CVU) performed a ticker change to CVUA. The security was delisted to OTC.

CooTek (Cayman) Inc. (CTK) was halted and it is currently not trading.

Tate & Lyle Plc Sponsored ADR (UK) (TATYY) performed a ticker change to TATYD.

May 19, 2022
Mimecast Limited (MIME) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $80.0000 per share in cash.

China SXT Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SXTC) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Companhia Energetica De Minas Gerais-CEMIG (CIG.C) distributed a 30% stock dividend. Shareholders received 0.3 additional shares for every share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Companhia Energetica De Minas Gerais-CEMIG (CIG) distributed a 30% stock dividend. Shareholders received 0.3 additional shares for every share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Weidai Ltd. American depositary shares (WEI) performed a ticker change to WEIDY. The security was delisted to OTC.

Sigma Labs, Inc. (SGLB) performed a ticker change to SASI.

ION GEOPHYSICAL CORP COM NEW (IO) performed a ticker change to IOGPQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

May 18, 2022
Media Gen Inc Contingent Value Right (MEG^) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.1062 per share in cash.

Amplify Energy Corp. Warrant (AMPYW) was declared worthless.

Zte Corporation Unsponsored ADR representing H Shares (China) (ZTCOY) was delisted pending ADR termination.

Artisan Acquisition Corp. Class A (ARTA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.29 shares of PRE for each share of ARTA previously held, with fractional shares rounded up to the nearest share.

May 17, 2022
PolarityTE, Inc. (PTE) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PTE for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

ProShares Morningstar Alternatives Solution ETF (ALTS) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $38.4741 cash per each share of ALTS previously previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Surgalign Holdings, Inc. (SRGA) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share(S) of SRGA for every 30 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

ProShares RAFI Long/Short (RALS) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $33.1861 cash per each share of RALS previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Proshares Short Oil & Gas (DDG) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $10.6010 cash per each share of DDG previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Crane Company (CR) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

ProShares Managed Futures Strategy ETF (FUT) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $41.8938 cash per each share of FUT previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. (TNXP) performed a 1 for 32 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TNXP for every 32 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Aspen Technology, Inc. (AZPN) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $87.6900 and 0.4200 new shares of AZPN for each old share of AZPN previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

ProShares Short Basic Materials (SBM) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $46.3583 cash per each share of SBM previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

ProShares Short Term USD Emerging Markets Bond ETF (EMSH) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $64.8538 cash per each share of EMSH previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Weidai Ltd. American depositary shares (WEI) was suspended.

Neuberger Berman High Yield Strategies Fund Inc Rights (NHS^) was delisted pending expiration.

May 16, 2022
Intersect ENT, Inc. Common Stock (XENT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.2500 per share in cash.

Pintec Technology Holdings Limited American Depositary Shares (PT) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PT for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Elmira Savings Bank Elmira NY Common Stock (ESBK) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.1000 per share in cash.

Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of CM for every 1 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

May 13, 2022
Guangshen Railway Co. Ltd American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored - China (GSHHY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.3160 per share in cash.

Rockwell Medical, Inc. (RMTI) performed a 1 for 11 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RMTI for every 11 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Pyxis Tankers Inc. (PXS) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PXS for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Bottomline Technologies, Inc. (EPAY) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $57.0000 per share in cash.

May 12, 2022
ProShares Short Euro (EUFX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $48.6858 per share in cash.

51job, Inc. American Depositary Shares (JOBS) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $60.9500 per share in cash.

ProShares UltraShort Australian Dollar (CROC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $50.8334 per share in cash.

Puxin Limited American Depositary Shares, each representing two Ordinary Shares (NEW) performed a ticker change to NEWYY. The security was delisted to OTC.

May 11, 2022
Alberton Acquisition Corporation Ordinary Shares (ALAC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.0339 per share in cash.

Alberton Acquisition Corporation Warrant (ALACW) expired worthless.

First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Hedged BuyWrite Income ETF (FTLB) performed a ticker change to FTQI, and changed its corporate name to First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust Nasdaq BuyWrite Income ETF.

Puxin Limited American Depositary Shares, each representing two Ordinary Shares (NEW) was delisted from NYSE. The stock is currently not trading.

CYPRESS ENVIRONMENTAL PARTNERS L P (CELP)  performed a ticker change to CELPQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

May 10, 2022
Zanite Acquisition Corp. (ZNTE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, a ticker change to EVEX, and changed its corporate name to Eve Holding, Inc.

Ball Corporation (BLL) performed a ticker change to BALL.

May 9, 2022
CooTek (Cayman) Inc. (CTK) performed a 1 for 13 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CTK for every 13 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

TherapeuticsMD (TXMD) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TXMD for every 50 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Progenity, Inc. (PROG) performed a ticker change to BIOR, and changed its corporate name to Biora Therapeutics, Inc.

51job, Inc. American Depositary Shares (JOBS) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Lawson Products, Inc. (LAWS) performed a ticker change to DSGR, and changed its corporate name to Distribution Solutions Group, Inc.

May 6, 2022
Western Asset High Income Fund II Inc. (HIX^) rights expired worthless.

Meten Holding Group Ltd. (METX) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of METX for every 30 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Evofem Biosciences, Inc. (EVFM) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EVFM for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Huttig Building Products, Inc. (HBP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.70 per share in cash.

May 5, 2022
Golden Nugget Online Gaming, Inc. Class A (GNOG) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3650 new shares of DKNG for each old share of GNOG previously held.

DraftKings Inc. Class A (DKNG) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Esports Technologies, Inc. (EBET) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Amplify Energy Corp. (AMPYW) warrants have expired worthless.

May 4, 2022
Huttig Building Products, Inc. (HBP) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

May 3, 2022
Spring Valley Acquisition Corp. (SV) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a ticker change to SMR.

US Ecology, Inc (ECOL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $48.00 per share in cash.

REAL GOODS SOLAR INC (RGSEQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

ProShares UltraShort Australian Dollar (CROC) was delisted pending liquidation. Details are still pending.

ProShares Short Term USD Emerging Markets Bond ETF (EMSH) was delisted pending liquidation. Details are still pending.

ProShares Managed Futures Strategy ETF (FUT) was delisted pending liquidation. Details are still pending.

ProShares RAFI Long/Short (RALS) was delisted pending liquidation. Details are still pending.

ProShares Morningstar Alternatives Solution ETF (ALTS) was delisted pending liquidation. Details are still pending.

ProShares Short Euro (EUFX) was delisted pending liquidation. Details are still pending.

Proshares Short Oil & Gas (DDG) was delisted pending liquidation. Details are still pending.

ProShares Short Basic Materials (SBM) was delisted pending liquidation. Details are still pending.

Heat Biologics, Inc. (HTBX) performed a ticker change to NHWK.

May 2, 2022
Defiance Next Gen Big Data ETF (BIGY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.1936846 per share in cash.

TradeUP Global Corporation  (BIGY) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a ticker change to SAI.

Endologix, Inc. (ELGXQ) was declared worthless.

Meta Data Limited (ONE) performed a ticker change to AIU.

Mallard Acquisition Corp. (MACU)  was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

April 29, 2022
The Gabelli Utility Trust (GUT^) rights expired worthless.

MGM Growth Properties LLC (MGP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.3660 new shares of VICI for each old share of MGP previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Procure ETF Trust (LGBT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.69436065 per share in cash.

Cannabis Growth ETF (BUDX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.008131 per share in cash.

Neovasc Inc. (NVCN) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NVCN for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Biolase, Inc. (BIOL) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BIOL for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Scientific Games Corp (SGMS) performed a ticker change to LNW, and changed its corporate name to Light & Wonder, Inc.

First Trust Total US Market AlphaDEX ETF (TUSA) performed a ticker change to FTDS, and changed its corporate name to First Trust Dividend Strength ETF.

Defiance Next Gen Big Data ETF (BIGY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

GWG Holdings, Inc (GWGH) performed a ticker change to GWGHQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

April 28, 2022
Archimedes Tech SPAC Partners Co. Subunit (ATSPT) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 new share of SOUN + 0.25 shares of SOUNW for each old share of ATSPT previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

April 27, 2022
Volt Information Sciences, Inc. (VOLT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.0000 per share in cash.

QMCO (QMCO^) rights expired worthless.

InVivo Therapeutics Holdings Corp (NVIV) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NVIV for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Agile Therapeutics, Inc. (AGRX) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AGRX for every 40 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Banco Bradesco S.A. American Depositary Shares (BBDO) distributed a 10% stock dividend. Shareholders received 0.1 additional shares for every share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Banco Bradesco (BBD) distributed a 10% stock dividend. Shareholders received 0.1 additional shares for every share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

April 26, 2022
CHP Merger Corp. Class A Common Stock (CHPM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.2122 per share in cash.

Alberton Acquisition Corporation Ordinary Shares (ALAC) was delisted.

Alberton Acquisition Corporation Warrant (ALACW) was delisted.

Volt Information Sciences, Inc. (VOLT) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Cannabis Growth ETF (BUDX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

April 25, 2022
ToughBuilt Industries, Inc. (TBLT) performed a 1 for 150 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TBLT for every 150 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

NorthShore Global Uranium Mining ETF (URNM) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and name change to Sprott Funds Uranium Mining ETF.

Evolving Systems, Inc. (EVOL) was delisted to OTC.

CHP Merger Corp. Class A Common Stock (CHPM) was delisted.

April 22, 2022
Ucommune International Ltd Ordinary Shares (UK) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of UK for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

SPDR MSCI ACWI Low Carbon Target ETF (LOWC) performed a ticker change to NZAC, and performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of NZAC for every 1 share previously held.

Ferro Corporation (FOE) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.0000 per share in cash.

April 21, 2022
Procure ETF Trust I LGBTQ + ESG100 ETF (LGBT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

April 20, 2022
WisdomTree Global ex-US Real Estate Fund (DRW) performed a ticker change to WTRE, and changed its corporate name to WisdomTree New Economy Real Estate Fund.

April 19, 2022
Diffusion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (DFFN) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 shares of DFFN for every 50 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Gabelli Utility Trust (The) Rights (expiring April 14, 2021) (GUT^) rights are no longer trading. The deadline to exercise is April 19, 2022.

April 18, 2022
Kaleido Biosciences, Inc. (KLDO) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

April 14, 2022
DeltaShares S&P 600 Managed Risk ETF (DMRS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $53.6106 per share in cash.

DeltaShares S&P International Managed Risk ETF (DMRI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $46.6570 per share in cash.

DeltaShares S&P 400 Managed Risk ETF (DMRM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $55.5429 per share in cash.

DeltaShares S&P 500 Managed Risk ETF (DMRL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $74.1123 per share in cash.

DeltaShares S&P EM 100 & Managed Risk ETF (DMRE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $45.9730 per share in cash.

First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VIII First Trust Municipal CEF Income Opportunity ETF (MCEF) performed a ticker change to MFLX.

April 13, 2022
Guaranty Federal Bancshares, Inc. (GFED) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.5000 per share in cash.

April 12, 2022
Blackrock Muni Yield New Jersey Fund, Inc. (MYJ) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0109 new shares of MUJ for each old share of MYJ previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Blackrock Muni Yield California Fund, Inc. (MYC) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0139 new shares of MUC for each old share of MYC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Zosano Pharma Corporation (ZSAN) performed a 1 for 35 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 shares of ZSAN for every 35 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be included in your total position.

BLACKROCK MUNIYIELD CALIFORNIA QUALITY FUND, INC. (MCA) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0106 new shares of MUC for each old share of MCA previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

BLACKROCK MUNIHOLDINGS INVESTMENT QUALITY FUND (MFL) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9387 new shares of MUI for each old share of MFL previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company (HMHC) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.0000 per share in cash.

April 11, 2022
Spirit of Texas Bancshares, Inc. (STXB) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0017 new shares of SFNC for each old share of STXB previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Discovery, Inc. Series A Common Stock (DISCA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and changed its ticker to WBD (Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. Series A Common Stock).

Roundhill Pro Sports, Media & Apparel ETF (MVP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.3003 per share in cash.

Roundhill Streaming Services & Technology ETF (SUBZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.47194733 per share in cash.

Discovery, Inc. Series B Common Stock (DISCB) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and changed its ticker to WBD (Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. Series A Common Stock).

Discovery, Inc. Series C Common Stock (DISCK) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and changed its ticker to WBD (Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. Series A Common Stock).

AT&T Inc. (T) performed a spinoff of WBD (Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. Series A Common Stock). For every 1 share of T held, shareholders will receive 0.2419 shares of WBD. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

MicroSectors US Big Oil -3x Inverse Leveraged ETN (NRGD) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 shares of NRGD for every 50 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

LAIX Inc. (LAIX) performed a ticker change to LAIXY (Laix Inc American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (Cayman Islands). The security was delisted to OTC.

Blackrock Muni Yield New Jersey Fund, Inc. (MYJ) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

BLACKROCK MUNIHOLDINGS INVESTMENT QUALITY FUND (MFL) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Blackrock Muni Yield California Fund, Inc. (MYC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

BLACKROCK MUNIYIELD CALIFORNIA QUALITY FUND, INC. (MCA) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

April 8, 2022
New Oriental Education and Technology Group, Inc. (EDU) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 shares of EDU for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

DeltaShares S&P 500 Managed Risk ETF (DMRL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

DeltaShares S&P 400 Managed Risk ETF (DMRM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

DeltaShares S&P EM 100 & Managed Risk ETF (DMRE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

DeltaShares S&P 600 Managed Risk ETF (DMRS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

DeltaShares S&P International Managed Risk ETF (DMRI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (HMHC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

LAIX Inc. (LAIX) was suspended from the exchange. This means that its currently not trading at the moment. If the stock becomes tradable on over-the-counter (OTC) markets, youll be able to sell your existing shares but you wont be able to purchase any additional shares in your Robinhood account.

April 7, 2022
SOC Telemed, Inc. (TLMD) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.0000 per share in cash.

China Jo-Jo Drugstores, Inc. (CJJD) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 shares of CJJD for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Investors Bancorp, Inc. (ISBC) performed a Cash and Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive $1.4600 and 0.2970 shares of CFG for each share of ISBC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Retail Value Inc. (RVI) performed a ticker change to RIVC. The security was delisted to OTC.

Roundhill Streaming Services & Technology ETF (SUBZ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Roundhill Pro Sports, Media & Apparel ETF (MVP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

April 6, 2022
Senmiao Technology Limited Common Stock (AIHS) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 shares of AIHS for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Helix Acquisition Corp. Class A Ordinary Shares (HLXA) performed a ticker change to MLTX (MoonLake Immunotherapeutics Class A Ordinary Shares), and changed its CUSIP number.

BP Midstream Partners LP Common Units representing Limited Partner Interests (BPMP) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5750 new shares of BP for each old share of BPMP previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the merger will be included in your total position.

Fluidigm Corporation (FLDM) performed a ticker change to LAB, and changed its corporate name to Standard BioTools Inc.

April 5, 2022
MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MFA for every 4 shares previously held.  Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

SPX FLOW, Inc. (FLOW) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $86.5000 per share in cash.

Poema Global Holdings Corp. Class A Ordinary Share (PPGH) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, ticker change to GGR, and changed its corporate name to Gogoro Inc.

Colfax Corporation (CFX) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split, changed its ticker to ENOV, and performed a Spinoff. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share(s) of ENOV (Enovis Corporation) and ESAB (ESAB Corporation) for every 3 shares of CFX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

BP Midstream Partners LP Common Units representing Limited Partner Interests (BPMP) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

April 4, 2022
Veoneer, Inc. (VNE) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $37.0000 per share in cash.

People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1180 shares of MTB (M&T Bank Corp.) for each old share of PBCT previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Level One Bancorp, Inc. (LEVL) performed a Cash and Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive $10.1700 and 0.7167 shares of FRME for each share of LEVL previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

SLR Senior Investment Corp. (SUNS) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 0.7796 new shares of SLRC for each old share of SUNS previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

America First Multifamily Investors, L.P. Beneficial Unit Certificates (BUCs) representing Limited Partnership Interests (ATAX) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ATAX for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if the fraction is over 0.5 and rounded down if less than 0.5.

Alliance Data Systems Corporation (ADS) performed a ticker change to BFH, and changed its corporate name to Bread Financial Holdings, Inc.

Boulder Growth & Income Fund, Inc. (BIF) performed a ticker change to STEW, and changed its corporate name to SRH Total Return Fund, Inc.

April 1, 2022
Verso Corporation (VRS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.0000 per share in cash.

Resonant Inc. (RESN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.5000 per share in cash.

NVLNF Escrow (NVLNF^) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.1250 per share in cash.

Queen's Gambit Growth Capital (GMBT) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a ticker change to SWVL.

Becton, Dickinson and Co. (BDX) performed a spinoff of EMBCV. For every 1 share of BDX held, shareholders will receive 0.2000 shares of EMBCV.

Daseke, Inc. Warrant (DSKEW) was declared worthless.

John Wiley & Sons, Inc. Class A (JW.A) performed a ticker change to WLY.

John Wiley & Sons, Inc. Class B (JW.B) performed a ticker change to WLYB.

Clockwise Capital Innovation ET (CWC) performed a ticker change to TIME.

Embecta Corp. (EMBCV) performed a ticker change to EMBC.

Level One Bancorp, Inc. (LEVL) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

Veoneer, Inc. (VNE) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

Guaranty Federal Bancshares, Inc. (GFED) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

March 31, 2022
Orphazyme A/S American (ORPH) performed a ticker change to ORPHY. The security was delisted to OTC.

Verso Corporation (VRS) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

March 30, 2022
P.A.M. Transportation Services, Inc. (PTSI) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of PTSI for every 1 share previously held.

Apria, Inc. (APR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $37.5000 per share in cash.

GreenSky, Inc. (GSKY) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0300 new shares of GS for each old share of GSKY previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

March 29, 2022
FirstMark Horizon Acquisition Corp. (FMAC) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 1.2415 new shares of STRY (Starry Group Holdings, Inc.) for each old share of FMAC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Communications Systems, Inc. (JCS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, ticker change to PEGY, and changed its corporate name to Pineapple Holdings, Inc.

Resonant Inc. (RESN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

March 28, 2022
CyrusOne Inc (CONE) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $90.5000 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X Shares (SOXS) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SOXS for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Tailwind Two Acquisition Corp. (TWNT) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, ticker change to LLAP, and changed its corporate name to Terran Orbital Corporation.

Direxion Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X Shares (DRIP) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DRIP for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

MOGU Inc. American Depositary Shares, each representing three-hundred (300) Class A Ordinary Shares (MOGU) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MOGU for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

AeroCentury Corporation (ACY) performed a ticker change to MTMT.

March 25, 2022
WHITING USA TR II Unit (WHZT) was declared worthless.

Massroots, Inc. (MSRTD) performed a ticker change to GWAV, and changed its corporate name to Greenwave Technology Solutions, Inc.

March 24, 2022
W.R. Berkley Corporation (WRB) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of WRB for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ACM Research, Inc. (ACMR) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of ACMR for every 1 share previously held.

BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (BDSI) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.6000 per share in cash.

WisdomTree Floating Rate Treasury Fund (USFR) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 shares of USFR for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Optibase Ltd. Ordinary Shares (OBAS) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

March 23, 2022
Accustem Sciences Limited American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (ACMSY) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to ACUT. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share(s) of ACUT for every 10 shares of ACMSY previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (BDSI) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

China HGS Real Estate, Inc. (HGSH) performed a ticker change to GGE, and changed its corporate name to Guggenheim Enhncd Eqty Strtgy Fd.

March 22, 2022
Motive Capital Corp (MOTV) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, ticker change to FRGE, and changed its corporate name to Forge Global Holdings, Inc.

Recro Pharma, Inc. (REPH) performed a ticker change to SCTL, and changed its corporate name to Societal CDMO, Inc.

March 21, 2022
Change Finance U.S. Large Cap Fossil Fuel Free ETF (CHGX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Communications Systems, Inc. (JCS) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JCS for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

March 18, 2022
Forterra, Inc. (FRTA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.0000 per share in cash.

Bridgetown 2 Holdings Limited Class A Ordinary Shares (BTNB) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, ticker change to PGRU, and changed its corporate name to PropertyGuru Pte. Ltd.

Direxion Daily Russia Bull 2X Shares (RUSL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.4671 per share in cash.

March 16, 2022
Xtrackers Japan JPX-Nikkei 400 Equity ETF (JPN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.8503 per share in cash.

Xtrackers Eurozone Equity ETF (EURZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.1321 per share in cash.

Kraton Corporation (KRA) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $46.5000 per share in cash.

March 15, 2022
HOLLYFRONTIER CORP (HFC) performed a ticker change to DINO, and changed its corporate name to HF Sinclair Corporation.

Siren ETF Trust Siren Large Cap Blend Index ETF (SPQQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.5281432 per share in cash.

Brookfield Business Partners L.P.Limited Partnership Units (BBU) performed a spinoff. For every 1 share of BBU held, shareholders will receive 0.5000 shares of BBUC. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Avinger, Inc. (AVGR) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AVGR for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Kraton Corporation (KRA) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

March 14, 2022
Integrity Applications, Inc. (IGAP) performed a ticker change to GCTK, and changed its corporate name to GlucoTrack, Inc.

Direxion Daily Russia Bull 2X Shares (RUSL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

GRUBHUB INC. (GRUB) performed a ticker change to JTKWY, and changed its corporate name to Just Eat Takeaway.com. The security was delisted to OTC. The security is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares.

March 11, 2022
Schwab U.S. REIT ETF (SCHH) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SCHH for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Schwab U.S. Broad Market ETF (SCHB) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SCHB for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Schwab U.S. Large-Cap Growth ETF (SCHG) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SCHG for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Schwab U.S. Large- Cap ETF (SCHX) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SCHX for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Schwab U.S Small- Cap ETF (SCHA) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SCHA for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

POST HOLDINGS, INC. (POST) performed a Spinoff. For every 1 share of POST held, shareholders will receive 1.2678 shares of BRBR (BellRing Brands, Inc.). Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARNA) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $100.0000 per share in cash.

BellRing Brands, Inc. (BRBR) performed a Cash and Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive $2.97 and 1 share of BellRing Distribution, LLC. (new BRBR) for each share of BRBR previously held. Fractional shares will be retained.

Siren ETF Trust Siren Large Cap Blend Index ETF (SPQQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 10, 2022
Franklin Limited Duration Income Trust Rights (Expiring February 17, 2022) (FTF^) have expired worthless.

PHILLIPS 66 PARTNERS LP (PSXP) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5000 new shares of PSX (PHILLIPS 66) for each old share of PSXP previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.0000 per share in cash. Additionally, shareholders will receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

March 9, 2022
Elanco CVR (ELAN^) contingent value rights (CVR) expired worthless.

PRETIUM RESOURCES INC. (PVG) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

SCVX Corp. (SCVX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

PHILLIPS 66 PARTNERS LP (PSXP) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

March 8, 2022
Fiduciary/Claymore Energy Infrastructure Fund (FMO) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 1.3662 new shares of KYN (Kayne Anderson Energy Infrastructure Fund, Inc.) for each old share of FMO previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Del Taco Restaurants, Inc. (TACO) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.5100 per share in cash.

Healthcare Capital Corp. Class A common stock (HCCC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, name change, and a ticker change to DRTS (Alpha Tau Medical Ltd).

FTS International, Inc. Warrant Tranche 2 (FTSIWS) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.0400 per share in cash.

FTS International, Inc. Warrant Tranche 1 (FTSI+) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.9700 per share in cash.

Xtrackers Eurozone Equity ETF (EURZ) was delisted pending a liquidation. Details are still pending.

Xtrackers Japan JPX-Nikkei 400 Equity ETF (JPN) was delisted pending a liquidation. Details are still pending.

Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

March 7, 2022
FTS International, Inc. (FTSI) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.5200 per share in cash.

Q&K International Group Limited American Depositary Shares (QK) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of QK for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Biofrontera AG American Depositary Shares (BFRA) performed a ticker change to BFAGY. The security was delisted to OTC. BFAGY is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO).

ATLAS FINL HLDGS INC Ordinary Shares (AFHIF) performed a ticker change to AFHIQ and continues to trade OTC.

Fiduciary/Claymore Energy Infrastructure Fund (FMO) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

March 4, 2022
CorePoint Lodging Inc. (CPLG) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.9900 per share in cash.

Nuance Communications, Inc. (NUAN) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $56.0000 per share in cash.

LAIX Inc. (LAIX) performed a 1 for 14 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 shares of LAIX for every 14 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

FTS International, Inc. (FTSI) was delisted pending merger. Details are still pending.

March 3, 2022
CorePoint Lodging Inc. (CPLG) was delisted pending merger. Details are still pending.

March 2, 2022
McAfee Corp (MCFE) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.0000 per share in cash.

Supernova Partners Acquisition Company II, Ltd. (SNII) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, ticker change to RGTI, and changed its corporate name to Rigetti Computing, Inc.

Atlantic Capital Bancshares, Inc. (ACBI) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3600 new shares of SSB (SouthState) for each old share of ACBI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the merger will be paid as cash in lieu.

State Auto Financial Corporation (STFC) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $52.0000 per share in cash.

Burgundy Technology Acquisition Corporation (BTAQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0500 per share in cash.

Nxt-ID, Inc. (NXTD) performed a ticker change to LGMK, and changed its corporate name to LogicMark, Inc.

WHITING USA TR II Unit (WHZT) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

March 1, 2022
Celsion Corporation (CLSN) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CLSN for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Pulmatrix, Inc. (PULM) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PULM for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if the fraction is over 0.5.

Lument Finance Trust, Inc., Rights (LFT^) have expired worthless.

INTELSAT S A Common Stock (INTEQ) was declared worthless.

RR Donnelley & Sons Co. (RRD) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.8500 per share in cash.

Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (ZBH) performed a spinoff into (ZimVie Inc.) ZIMV. For every 1 share of ZBH held, shareholders will receive 0.1000 shares of ZIMV. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

ASCENT SOLAR TECHNOLOGIES INC (ASTID) performed a ticker change to ASTI.

Atlantic Capital Bancshares, Inc. (ACBI) was delisted pending a Merger. Details are still pending.

CINER RESOURCES LP (CINR) performed a ticker change to SIRE, and changed its corporate name to Sisecam Resources LP.

February 28, 2022
Salt Low truBeta US Market ET (LSLT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $32.1622 per share in cash.

Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corp (MNR) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.0000 per share in cash.

Great Elm Capital Corp. (GECC) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GECC for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Tantech Holdings Ltd. (TANH) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TANH for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Salt High truBeta US Market ETF (SLT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $39.4688 per share in cash.

Massroots, Inc. (MSRT) performed a 1 for 300 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to MSRTD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MSRTD for every 300 shares of MSRT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

IHS Markit Ltd. (INFO) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 0.2838 new shares of (S&P Global Inc.) SPGI for each old share of INFO previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund IV First Trust Strategic Income ETF (FDIV) performed a ticker change to HISF,  and changed its corporate name to First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund IV First Trust High Income Strategic Focus ETF.

February 25, 2022
VOCERA COMMUNICATIONS, INC. (VCRA) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $79.2500 per share in cash.

Outlook Therapeutics, Inc. Series A Warrants Expiring 02/18/2022 (OTLKW) have have expired worthless.

Salt Low truBeta US Market ETF (LSLT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Salt High truBeta US Market ETF (SLT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

RR Donnelley & Sons Co. (RRD) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

February 24, 2022
Nuverra Environmental Solutions, Inc. (NES) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 0.2551 new shares of WTTR (Select Energy Services, Inc.) for each old share of NES previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the merger will be paid as cash in 1-2 weeks.

INTERPACE BIOSCIENCES INC., Rights (IDXG^) have expired worthless.

iPath Shiller CAPE ETN (CAPE) performed a ticker change to CAPD.

Daseke, Inc. Warrant (DSKEW) was delisted after expiration.

INTELSAT S A Common Stock (INTEQ) was delisted.

February 23, 2022
Seadrill (SDRLF) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0012 new shares of SDRLF for each old share of SDRLF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu. The stock is currently not trading.

SPDR Gold MiniShares (GLDM) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GLDM for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

CASTLIGHT HEALTH, INC. (CSLT) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.0500 per share in cash.

Altus Midstream Company (ALTM) performed a ticker change to KNTK, and changed its corporate name to Kinetik Holdings Inc.

VOCERA COMMUNICATIONS, INC. (VCRA) was delisted pending a liquidation. Details are still pending.

February 22, 2022
Boston Omaha Corporation (BOMN) performed a ticker change to BOC.

February 18, 2022
Independence Holding Company (IHC) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $57.0000 per share in cash.

February 17, 2022
INTELSAT (INTEQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

ViacomCBS Inc. (VIAC) performed a ticker change to PARA, and changed its corporate name to Paramount Global Class B.

ViacomCBS Inc. (VIACA) performed a ticker change to PARAA, and changed its corporate name to Paramount Global Class A.

Franklin Limited Duration Income Trust Rights Expiring February 17, 2022 (FTF^) was delisted. The stock is no longer trading.

Outlook Therapeutics, Inc. Series A Warrant Expiring 02/18/2022 (OTLKW) was delisted. The stock is no longer trading.

Castlight Health, Inc. (CSLT) was delisted pending a Merger. Details are still pending.

February 16, 2022
Baudax Bio, Inc (BXRX) performed a 1 for 35 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BXRX for every 35 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

PAE Incorporated (PAE) performed a Cash Merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0500 per share in cash.

First Midwest Bancorp, Inc. (FMBI) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 1.1336 new shares of Old National Bancorp (ONB) for each old share of FMBI previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Independence Holding Company (IHC) was delisted pending a Merger. Details are still pending.

February 15, 2022
Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 1.7234 shares of AMD for each share of XLNX previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Swisher Hygiene, Inc. (SWSH) was declared worthless.

Delaware Investments Minnesota Municipal Income Fund II (VMM) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9937 shares of VFL for each share of VMM previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Roth CH Acquisition III Co. (ROCR) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to QTEK.

Large Cap Growth Index-Linked Exchange Traded Notes due 2028 (FRLG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $300.8879 per share in cash.

Hudson Capital Inc. (HUSN) performed a 5 for 11 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of HUSN for every 11 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Delaware Investments Colorado Municipal Income Fund (VCF) performed a Stock Merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0328 shares of VFL for each share of VCF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

American Finance Trust, Inc. (AFIN) performed a ticker change to RTL, and changed its corporate name to The Necessity Retail REIT, Inc.

China Xiangtai Food Co. (PLIN) performed a ticker change to BTOG.

LifeGoal Vacation Investment ETF (SUNY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.5729 per share in cash.

LifeGoal Children Investment ETF (CHLD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.5676 per share in cash.

February 14, 2022
Cemtrex Inc. Series 1 (CETXW) warrants have expired worthless.

Novus Capital Corporation II (NXU) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to NRGV.

Thayer Ventures Acquisition Corporation (TVAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to ISPO.

Delaware Investments Minnesota Municipal Income Fund II (VMM) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Delaware Investments Colorado Municipal Income Fund (VCF) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

February 11, 2022
Washington Mutual, Inc. (WAMUQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

RENN Fund Inc. Rights (RCG^) expired worthless.

Growth Capital Acquisition Corp. (GCAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to CPTN.

Lument Finance Trust, Inc. (LFT^) rights are no longer trading. The deadline to exercise is February 11, 2022.

February 10, 2022
SilverBox Engaged Merger Corp (SBEA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to BRCC.

Amplify International Online Retail ETF (XBUY) performed a ticker change to EMFQ.

February 9, 2022
SPDR S&P SmallCap 600 ESG ETF (ESIX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

SPDR Bloomberg SASB Developed Markets Ex US ESG Select ETF (RDMX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

SPDR Bloomberg SASB Emerging Markets ESG Select ETF (REMG) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

CITIC Capital Acquisition Corp. (CCAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to QNGY.

Asia Pacific Wire & Cable Corporation, Ltd. Rights (APWC^) expired worthless.

CYREN Ltd. (CYRN) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd (KL) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.7935 shares of AEM for each share of KL previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

LifeGoal Children Investment ETF (CHLD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

LifeGoal Vacation Investment ETF (SUNY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

February 8, 2022
Eros STX Global Corporation (ESGC) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

February 7, 2022
Merida Merger Corp. I (MCMJ) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a ticker change to LFLY.

ECP Environmental Growth Opportunities Corp. (ENNV) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a ticker change to FSRD.

February 4, 2022
Vistas Media Acquisition Company Inc. (VMAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a ticker change to ANGH.

Ivanhoe Capital Acquisition Corp. (IVAN) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a ticker change to SES.

February 3, 2022
Cabot Growth ETF (CBTG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.8023 per share in cash.

Legg Mason ETF Investment Trust Legg Mason Global Infrastructure ETF (INFR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $32.1375 per share in cash.

Environmental Impact Acquisition Corp. Class A (ENVI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to GRNA.

Social Reality, Inc. Dividend Rights (SRAX^) expired worthless.

BIMI International Medical (BIMI) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BIMI for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Triterras, Inc. (TRIT) performed a ticker change to TRIRF. The security was delisted to OTC.

February 2, 2022
Azure Power Global Limited (AZRE^) rights expired worthless.

Rhino Resource Partners LP Common Stock (RHNO) was declared worthless.

Stage Stores Inc (SSINQ) was declared worthless.

Great Western Bancorp, Inc. (GWB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8425 shares of FIBK for each share of GWB previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Oasis Midstream Partners LP (OMP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8700 shares of CEQP for each share of OMP previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

SANTANDER CONSUMER USA HOLDINGS INC (SC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $41.5000 per share in cash.

SMART Global Holdings, Inc. (SGH) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SGH for every 1 share previously held.

Exelon Corporation (EXC) performed a spinoff of CEG. For every 1 share of EXC held, shareholders will receive 0.3333 shares of CEG. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Fat Tail Risk ETF (FATT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.5464 per share in cash.

Cabot Growth ETF (CBTG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

CHINA ZENIX AUTO INTERNATIONAL LIMITED American Depositary Shares (ZXAIY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

February 1, 2022
Sterling Bancorp (STL) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4630 shares of WBS for each share of STL previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Triple-S Management Corporation (GTS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $36.0000 per share in cash.

Golden Star Resources (GSS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.9100 per share in cash.

Shell plc American Depositary Shares (SHEL#) performed a ticker change to SHEL.

Great Western Bancorp, Inc. (GWB) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

January 31, 2022
Royal Dutch Shell PLC ADS Class B (RDS.B) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to SHEL.

Royal Dutch Shell PLC ADS Class A (RDS.A) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to SHEL.

BHP Group Plc American Depositary Shares (BBL) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to BHP.

Puxin Limited American Depositary Shares (NEW) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ASCENT SOLAR TECHNOLOGIES INC (ASTI) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Roundhill Ball Metaverse ETF (META) performed a ticker change to METV.

AMTD International Inc. (HKIB) performed a ticker change to AMTD.

Obsidian Energy Ltd. (OBELF) performed a ticker change to OBE. OBELF is fully tradeable.

Westpac Banking Corporation (WBK) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

SANTANDER CONSUMER USA HOLDINGS INC (SC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Royal Dutch Shell (SHEL) is currently trading when-issued following its merger. This means that, while the pre-merger securities are no longer trading, the post-merger securities have not been issued yet. Robinhood does not support when-issued trading. The new securities are expected to be issued on Tuesday, February 1st.

January 28, 2022
Trebia Acquisition Corp. (TREB) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a symbol change to SST.

Special Opportunities Fund, Inc. Rights (SPE^) rights expired worthless.

PDL Community Bancorp (PDLB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.3952 shares of PDLB for each share of PDLB previously held.

Sports Entertainment Acquisition Corp. (SEAH) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a symbol change to SGHC.

Cemtrex Inc. (CETXW) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Five Star Senior Living Inc. (FVE) performed a name change and a symbol change to ALR.

Golden Star Resources Ltd. (GSS) was delisted pending a stock merger. Details are still pending.

Legg Mason ETF Investment Trust (INFR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

January 27, 2022
New Frontier Health (NFH) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.00 per share in cash.

Alaunos Therapeutics, Inc. (ZIOP) performed a name change and a symbol change to TCRT.

January 26, 2022
Yellowstone Acquisition Company (YSAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a symbol change to SKYH.

CF Acquisition Corp. (CFV) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a symbol change to SATL.

Weidai Ltd. (WEI)  performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SLG for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust S-Network E-Commerce ETF (FTXD) performed a name change and a symbol change to ISHP.

January 25, 2022
Casper Sleep Inc. (CSPR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.90 per share in cash.

Howard Bancorp, Inc. (HBMD) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.80 shares of FNB for each share of HBMD previously held.

HMG / Courtland Properties Inc (HMG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

January 24, 2022
Euro Tech Holdings Company (CLWT) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of CLWT for every 2 shares previously held.

SL Green Realty Corp. (SLG) performed a 1 for 1.0306 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SLG for every 1.0306 shares p previously held.

PFNX Contingent Value Right (PFNX^) contingent value rights (CVR) expired worthless.

Presidio Property Trust, Inc. (SQFT) performed a spinoff of SQFTW. For every 1 share of SQFT held, shareholders will receive 1 sharesof SQFTW.

Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. Warrant (CYXTW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.10 per share in cash.

AdvisorShares KIM Korea Equity ETF (KOR)  performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.2661 per share in cash.

OneSmart International Education Group Limited (ONE) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ONE for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Fat Tail Risk ETF (FATT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Artivion, Inc. (CRY) performed a name change and symbol change to AORT.

January 21, 2022
Direxion Flight to Safety Strategy ETF (FLYT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $49.0223 per share in cash.

Direxion Dynamic Hedge ETF (DYHG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $61.2119 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Latin America Bull 2X Shares (LBJ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $60.3288 per share in cash.

Marlin Business Services Corp. (MRLN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.5000 per share in cash.

Orbsat Corp (OSAT) performed a ticker change to NXPL, and changed its corporate name to NextPlat Corp.

China Finance Online Co. (JRJC) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

January 20, 2022
Power & Digital Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. (XPDI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to CORZ.

Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. (CYXTW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

January 19, 2022
Gores Metropoulos II, Inc. (GMII) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to SOND.

Odonate Therapeutics Inc (ODT) performed a ticker change to ODTC. The security was delisted to OTC.

Corvus Gold Inc. (KOR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Osmotica Pharmaceuticals plc Ordinary Shares (OSMT) performed a ticker change to RVLP, and changed its corporate name to RVL Pharmaceuticals plc Ordinary Shares.

Special Opportunities Fund, Inc. Rights (SPE^) are no longer trading. The deadline to exercise is January 21, 2022.

China Telecom Corporation (CHA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $32.446558 per share in cash.

January 18, 2022
WisdomTree International Dividend ex-Financials Fund (DOO) performed a ticker change to AIVI, and changed its corporate name to WisdomTree International AI Enhanced Value Fund.

WisdomTree U.S. Dividend ex-Financials Fund (DTN) performed a ticker change to AIVL, and changed its corporate name to WisdomTree U.S. AI Enhanced Value Fund.

Direxion Flight to Safety Strategy ETF (FLYT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion Daily Latin America Bull 2X Shares (LBJ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Direxion Dynamic Hedge ETF (DYHG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Odonate Therapeutics, Inc. (ODT) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Merchants Bancorp Common Stock (MBIN) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of MBIN for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

January 14, 2022
Capstar Special Purpose Acquisition Corp. (CPSR) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a symbol change to GLS.

Decarbonization Plus Acquisition Corporation II Class A Common stock (DCRN) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a symbol change to DCFC.

ProShares UltraShort Bloomberg Natural Gas  (KOLD) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KOLD for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Naked Brand Group Limited Ordinary Shares (NAKD) performed a symbol change to CENN.

January 12, 2022
ProShares Ultra Consumer Good (UGE) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of UGE for every 1 share previously held.

ProShares Ultra Technology (ROM) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of ROM for every 1 share previously held.

ProShares Ultra Consumer Services (UCC) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of UCC for every 1 share previously held.

ProShares UltraPro S&P 500 (UPRO) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of UPRO for every 1 share previously held.

ProShares UltraPro QQQ (TQQQ) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of TQQQ for every 1 share previously held.

ProShares Large Cap Core Plus (CSM) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of CSM for every 1 share previously held.

ProShares Ultra S&P500 (SSO) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SSO for every 1 share previously held.

ProShares Short Basic Materials (SBM) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SBM for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraPro Short Russell2000 (SRTY) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SRTY for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort S&P500 (SDS) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SDS for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraPro Short QQQ (SQQQ) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SQQQ for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares Short Real Estate (REK) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of REK for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Dow 30 (DXD) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DXD for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Proshares UltraShort Technology (REW) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of REW for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Financials (SKF) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SKF for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Oil & Gas (DUG) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DUG for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.00 per share in cash.

Brilliance China Automotive Holdings Limited Unsponsored ADR (BCAUY) was delisted pending a liquidation. Details are still pending.

January 11, 2022
Trend Aggregation ESG ETF (TEGS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.29 per share in cash.

The Active Dividend Stock ETF (TADS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.38 per share in cash.

Petra Acquisition, Inc. (PAIC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a symbol change to REVB.

Hercules Offshore Escrow (HEROQ) expired worthless.

January 10, 2022
AeroCentury Corporation (ACY) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of ACY for every 1 share previously held.

nCino, Inc. (NCNO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

The Active Dividend Stock ETF (TADS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Trend Aggregation ESG ETF (TEGS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company (WLTW) performed a ticker change to WTW.

January 7, 2022
1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.3577 shares of LBAI for each share of FCCY previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

INSPIRED ENTMT INC (INSEW) warrants have expired worthless.

Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd. (SINO) performed a ticker change to SGLY, and changed its corporate name to Singularity Future Technology Ltd.

January 6, 2022
SANDRIDGE PERMIAN TRUST (PERS) was declared worthless.

SANDRIDGE MISSISSIPPIAN TR II Common Units representing Beneficial Interests (SDRMU) expired worthless.

Points International Ltd. Common Shares (PCOM) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

VPC Impact Acquisition Holdings III, Inc. (VPCC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to DAVE.

January 5, 2022
Napco Security Technologies Inc. (NSSC) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of NSSC for every 1 share previously held.

January 4, 2022
Magellan Health (MGLN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $95.0000 per share in cash.

CIT Group (CIT) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0620 shares of FCNCA for each share of CIT previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

January 3, 2022
Apollo Global Management, Inc. (APO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Enviva Inc. (EVA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation (BMTC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9000 shares of WSFS for each share of BMTC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Reliant Bancorp, Inc. (RBNC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9842 shares of UCBI for each share of RBNC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Athene Holding Ltd. (ATH) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.1490 shares of APO for each share of ATH previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

WisdomTree U.S. Quality Shareholder Yield Fund (QSY) changed its corporate name to WisdomTree U.S. Value Fund and performed a ticker change to WTV.

SmartETFs Sustainable Energy II ETF (SULR) performed a ticker change to SOLR.

Naked Brand Group (NAKD) changed its corporate name to Cenntro Electric Group Limited.

December 31, 2021
Eagle Growth and Income Opportunities Fund Escrow (EGIF^) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.0683 per share in cash.

Key Energy SVCS Inc. (KYSRW) warrants have expired worthless.

Athena Technology Acquisition Corp. (ATHN) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to HLGN.

Condor Hospitality Trust, Inc. (CDOR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

MFAM Small-Cap Growth ETF (MFMS) changed its corporate name to Motley Fool Small-Cap Growth ETF and changes its ticker to TMFS.

December 30, 2021
Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (DRNA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $38.2500 per share in cash.

U.S. Century Bank (USCB) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Oil Search Ltd (OISHY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.9806 per share in cash.

Douglas Elliman Inc. (DOUG) performed a spinoff of VGR For every 1 share of VGR held, shareholders will receive 0.5000 shares of DOUG.

Virgin Orbit Holdings, Inc. (NGCA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to VORB.

Rare Element Resources Ltd. , Rights (REEMF^) expired worthless.

Cellect Biotechnology Ltd. (APOP) performed a spinoff of CVRs (APOPZZZ). For every 1 share of APOP held, shareholders will receive 400 CVRs of APOPZZZ. A CVR is a placeholder security that pays additional cash if the company reaches certain milestones.

December 29, 2021
Goodrich Petroleum Corporation (GDP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.0000 per share in cash.

Zix Corporation (ZIXI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.5000 per share in cash.

Coresite Realty (COR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $170.0000 per share in cash.

BlackRock 2022 Global Income Opportunity Trust (BGIO) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $2.5867 cash per each share of BGIO previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

First Eagle Senior Loan Fund (FSLF^) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.0080 per share in cash.

Intelligent Systems Corporation (INS) performed a ticker change to CCRD and changed its corporate name to CoreCard Corporation.

Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (DRNA) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

December 28, 2021
EFF Escrow (EFF^) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.0589 per share in cash.

Synalloy Corporation Rights (SYNL^) expired worthless.

Dover Motorsports (DVD) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.6100 per share in cash.

Roman DBDR Tech Acquisition Corp. (DBDR) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to CMPO.

Coresite Realty Corporation (COR) was suspended pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

December 27, 2021
Avianca Holdings SA American Depositary Receipts (AVHOQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

MicroSectors Cannabis ETNs (MJJ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

MicroSectors Cannabis 2X Leveraged ETNs (MJO) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Goodrich Petroleum Corporation (GDP) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

Zix Corporation (ZIXI) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

INSPIRED ENTMT INC (INSEW) warrants have expired worthless.

First Trust Senior Floating Rate 2022 Target Term Fund (FIV) was declared worthless.

Altimar Acquisition Corp. II (ATMR) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to FATH.

FS Development Corp. II (FSII) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to PRDS.

Coppernico Metals Inc. (AUG-S) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Credit Suisse X-Links Monthly Pay 2x Leveraged Mortgage REIT ETN (REML) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.0406 per share in cash.

December 23, 2021
Blackrock Florida Municipal 2020 Term Trust ESCROW (BFO^) expired worthless.

Credit Suisse FI Large Cap Growth Enhanced Exchange Traded Notes (FLGE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $819.06 per share in cash.

WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Dividend Fund (DLN)  performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of DLN for every 1 share previously held.

Zhangmen Education Inc. American Depositary Shares (ZME) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ZME for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. (MACQ) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a symbol change to ADTH.

WisdomTree U.S. Total Dividend Fund (DTD) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of DTD for every 1 share previously held.

Tarena International, Inc. (TEDU) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TEDU for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

HealthCor Catalio Acquisition Corp. (HCAQ) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a symbol change to HYPR.

European Sustainable Growth Acquisition Corp. (EUSG) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a symbol change to ADSE.

Dover Motorsports (DVD) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Goodrich Petroleum Corporation (GDP) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

December 22, 2021
Credit Suisse FI Enhanced Europe 50 Exchange Traded Notes (FEUL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $111.27 per share in cash.

Naked Brand Group Limited Ordinary Shares (NAKD) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NAKD for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Landmark Infrastructure Partners LP Common Units (LMRK) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.50 per share in cash.

SCISPARC LTD Ordinary Shares (SPRCF) performed a ticker change to SPRC.

December 21, 2021
SANDRIDGE PERMIAN TRUST (PERS) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Rhino Resource Partners LP Common Stock (RHNO) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

December 20, 2021
iShares iBonds Dec 2021 Term Corporate ETF (IBDM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.73 per share in cash.

iShares iBonds 2021 Term High Yield and Income ETF (IBHA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.13 per share in cash.

MoSys, Inc. (MOSY) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and symbol change to PRSO.

CM Life Sciences III Inc. (CMLT) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and symbol change to EQRX.

Investindustrial Acquisition Corp. (IIAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and symbol change to ZGN.

December 17, 2021
U.S. Equity Ex-Dividends Fund (XDIV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $106.32 per share in cash.

Invesco BulletShares 2021 Corporate Bond ETF (BSCL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.05 per share in cash.

Invesco BulletShares 2021 High Yield Corporate Bond ETF (BSJL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.98 per share in cash.

FirstCash, Inc. Common Stock (FCFS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2021 Municipal Bond ETF (BSML) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.21 per share in cash.

Invesco BulletShares 2021 USD Emerging Markets Debt ETF (BSAE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.93 per share in cash.

Kansas City Southern (KSU) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $90.00 and 2.8840 shares of CP for each share of KSU previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

MicroSectors FANG+ Index -2X Inverse Leveraged ETNs (FNGZ) was delisted pending liquidation. Details are still pending.

MicroSectors FANG+ Index Inverse ETNs (GNAF) was delisted pending liquidation. Details are still pending.

WaveDancer, Inc. (IAIC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and symbol change to WAVD.

Itamar Medical Ltd. (ITMR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Yatra Online, Inc. Warrant (YTROF) warrants have expired worthless.

December 16, 2021
Soliton, Inc. (SOLY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.6000 per share in cash.

Newstar Financial Contingent Value Right (NEWS^) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.0981 per share in cash.

Broadstone Acquisition Corp. (BSN) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to EVTL.

Isos Acquisition Corporation (ISOS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to BOWL.

Xiaobai Maimai (HX) performed a ticker change to AHG, and changed its corporate name to AKSO Health Group.

Invesco BulletShares 2021 Corporate Bond ETF (BSCL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco BulletShares 2021 High Yield Corporate Bond ETF (BSJL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco BulletShares 2021 USD Emerging Markets Debt ETF (BSAE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco BulletShares 2021 Municipal Bond ETF (BSML) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares iBonds Dec 2021 Term Corporate ETF (IBDM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares iBonds 2021 Term High Yield and Income ETF (IBHA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Key Energy SVCS Inc DEL (KYSRW) warrants have expired worthless.

December 15, 2021
Trinity Place Holdings Inc.com (TPHS^) rights expired worthless.

Yucaipa Acquisition Corporation (YAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to SSU.

December 14, 2021
Ikonics Corporation (IKNX) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $5 and 1 share of WULF for each share of IKNX previously held. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

HILL-ROM HOLDINGS, INC. (HRC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $156.0000 per share in cash.

Borr Drilling (BORR) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ePlus inc. (PLUS) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of PLUS for every 1 share previously held.

BlackRock 2022 Global Income Opportunity Trust (BGIO) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

BioHiTech Global, Inc. (BHTG) performed a ticker change to RENO, and changed its corporate name to Renovare Environmental, Inc..

Kansas City Southern (KSU) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

December 13, 2021
KraneShares European Carbon Allowance Strategy ETF (KEUA) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of KEUA for every 1 share previously held.

Ault Global Holdings, Inc. (DPW) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to NILE.

HILL-ROM HOLDINGS, INC. (HRC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

PIMCO Dynamic Credit and Mortgage Income Fund (PCI) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Pimco Income Opportunity Fund (PKO) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

U.S. Equity Ex-Dividends Fund - Series 2027 (XDIV) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

PIMCO Dynamic Credit & Mortgage Income Fund (PCI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.818509 shares of PDI for each share of PCI previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

PIMCO Income Opportunity Fund (PKO) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.949037 shares of PDI for each share of PKO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the merger will be paid as cash in lieu.

December 10, 2021
Qutoutiao Inc. (QTT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of QTT for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

KFA Dynamic Fixed Income ETF (KDFI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.86 per share in cash.

CBRE Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (CBAH) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and symbol change to AMPS.

Mack-Cali Realty Corp. (CLI) performed a symbol change to VRE.

First Trust Senior Floating Rate 2022 Target Term Fund (FIV)  was delisted pending liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 9, 2021
Decarbonization Plus Acquisition Corporation III (DCRC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and symbol change to SLDP.

COLUMBIA PROPERTY TRUST, INC. (CXP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.13 per share in cash.

Seven Oaks Acquisition (SVOK) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and symbol change to BOXD.

Dragoneer Growth Opportunities (DGNS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and symbol change to CVT.

December 8, 2021
Contango Oil & Gas Co. (MCF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.2000 shares of CRGY for each share of MCF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

County Bancorp, Inc. (ICBK) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4800 shares of NCBS for each share of ICBK previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Meredith Holdings Corporation (MDP^) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $42.1800 per share in cash.

PPD, Inc. (PPD) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $47.5000 per share in cash.

GigCapital4, Inc. (GIG) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to BBAI.

dMY Technology Group, Inc. IV (DMYQ) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to PL.

COLUMBIA PROPERTY TRUST, INC. (CXP) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

December 7, 2021
TPG Pace Solutions Corp. (TPGS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to VCSA.

NUVEEN ELECT TAX-FREE INC 3 (NXR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0207 shares of NXP for each share of NXR previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

NUVEEN ELECT TAX-FREE INC 2 (NXQ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9522 shares of NXP for each share of NXQ previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Meredith Corporation (MDP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.9900 per share in cash.

Community Bankers Trust (ESXB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3173 shares of UBSI (United Bankshares, Inc.) for each share of old ESXB previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the merger will be paid as cash in 1-2 weeks.

December 6, 2021
Foresight Acquisition Corp. (FORE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and symbol change to PIII.

890 5th Avenue Partners, Inc. (ENFA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and symbol change to BZFD.

Thimble Point Acquisition (THMA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and symbol change to PEAR.

MicroSectors FANG+ Index -3X (FNGD) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FNGD for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ENABLE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP (ENBL) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8595 shares of ET for each share of ENBL previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

StealthGas, Inc. (GASS) performed a spinoff of IMPP. For every 1 shares of GASS held, shareholders will receive 0.1250 shares of IMPP. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

StealthGas, Inc. (GASS) performed a spinoff of IMPP-. For every 1 shares of GASS held, shareholders will receive 0.0208 shares of IMPP-. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

iShares iBonds Dec 2021 Term Muni Bond ETF (IBMJ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.5843 per share in cash.

KFA Dynamic Fixed Income ETF (KDFI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

NUVEEN ELECT TAX-FREE INC 2 (NXQ) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

NUVEEN ELECT TAX-FREE INC 3 (NXR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

County Bancorp, Inc. (ICBK) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Community Bankers Trust Corporation (ESXB) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

ETF Series Solutions Defiance Nasdaq Junior Biotechnology ETF (IBBJ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $29.93 per share in cash.

December 3, 2021
Liberty All-Star Equity Fund (USA^) rights expired worthless.

iShares Trust iShares iBonds Dec 2021 Term Treasury ETF (IBTA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.3483 per share in cash.

China Unicom (HONG KONG) Limited (CHU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.1536 per share in cash.

Aldel Financial Inc. (ADF) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to HGTY.

DSP Group, Inc. (DSPG) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

ENABLE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP (ENBL) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

ETF Series Solutions Defiance Nasdaq Junior Biotechnology ETF (IBBJ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 2, 2021
Yunhong International (ZGYH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3100 per share in cash.

Principal Exchange-Traded Funds Principal International Multi-Factor ETF (PDEV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.8212 per share in cash.

FG Financial Group, Inc (FGF^) rights expired worthless.

Meredith Corporation (MDP) performed a spinoff of MDP^. For every 1 share of MDP held, shareholders will receive 1.0000 share of MDP^. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Altimeter Growth Corp. (AGC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to GRAB.

iShares iBonds Dec 2021 Term Muni Bond ETF (IBMJ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 1, 2021
DD3 Acquisition Corp. II (DDMX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to CDRO.

ION Acquisition (IACB) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to CTV.

Riverview Financial Corporation (RIVE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4833 shares of MPB for each share of RIVE previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

DOMTAR CORPORATION (UFS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $55.5000 per share in cash.

Raven Industries, Inc. (RAVN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $58.0000 per share in cash.

Brooks Automation, Inc. (BRKS) performed a ticker change to AZTA, and changed its corporate name to Azenta, Inc.

HARTE HANKS INC (HRTH) performed a ticker change to HHS.

iShares Trust iShares iBonds Dec 2021 Term Treasury ET (IBTA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

November 30, 2021
SK Telecom Co., Ltd. American Depositary Shares (SKM) performed a 0.6073625 for 1 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 0.6073625 share(S) of SKM for every 1 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Diana Shipping, Inc. (DSX) performed a spinoff into OP. For every 1 shares of DSX held, shareholders will receive 0.1 shares of OP. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Covanta Holding Corporation (CVA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.25 per share in cash.

Adamas Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ADMS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.10 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive two contingent value rights (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

DOMTAR CORPORATION (UFS) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

November 24, 2021
Inovalon Holdings, Inc. (INOV) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $41.00 per share in cash.

Flexion Therapeutics, Inc. (FLXN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.50 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $180.00 per share in cash.

Echo Global Logistics, Inc. (ECHO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $48.25 per share in cash.

Principal Exchange-Traded Funds Principal International Multi-Factor ETF (PDEV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

WM Morrison Supermarkets Plc Unsponsored ADR (UK) (MRWSY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

November 23, 2021
IFRESH INC Common Stock (IFMK) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO).

Diversicare Healthcare Services (DVCR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.10 per share in cash.

Nuveen Tax-Advantaged Total Return Strategy Fund (JTA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6283 shares of NMAI for each share of JTA previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

CAI International, Inc. (CAI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $56.00 per share in cash.

Nuveen Diversified Dividend and Income Fund (JDD) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5864 shares of NMAI for each share of JDD previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

NUVEEN TAX-ADVANTAGE DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND (JTD) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9106 shares of NMAI for each share of JTD previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

November 22, 2021
Leo Holdings III Corp (LIII) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and symbol change to LOCL.

Nuveen Diversified Dividend and Income Fund (JDD) was delisted pending a merger.

Nuveen Tax-Advantaged Total Return Strategy Fund (JTA) was delisted pending a merger.

NUVEEN TAX-ADVANTAGE DIVIDEND GROWTH FUND (JTD) was delisted pending a merger.

Yunhong International Class A Ordinary Shares (ZGYH) was delisted pending reorganization.

Flexion Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock (FLXN) was delisted pending a merger.

November 19, 2021
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (MLNX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $93.7500 per share in cash.

Trillium Therapeutics Inc. (TRIL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.5000 per share in cash.

Virtuoso Acquisition Corp. (VOSO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to WEJO.

Loral Space and Communications, Inc. (LORL) performed a ticker change to TSAT, and changed its corporate name to Telesat Corporation.

November 18, 2021
Amerant Bancorp Inc. (AMTBB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9500 shares of AMTB for each share of AMTBB previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Arista Networks (ANET) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of ANET for every 1 share previously held.

Trillium Therapeutics Inc. (TRIL) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

November 17, 2021
17 Education & Technology Group Inc. (YQ) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of YQ for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ADOMANI, Inc. (ADOM) performed a ticker change to EVTV.

November 16, 2021
SGOCO Group, Ltd (SGOC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to TROO.

Southcross Energy Partners, L.P. (SXEEQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

JMP Group LLC (JMP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.5000 per share in cash.

November 15, 2021
Meridian Bancorp, Inc. (EBSB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.2750 shares of INDB for each share of EBSB previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Century Bancorp, Inc. (CNBKA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $115.2800 per share in cash.

DFP Healthcare Acquisitions Corp. (DFPH) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to TOI.

Realty Income Corporation (O) performed a spinoff of ONL. For every 1 share of O held, shareholders will receive 0.1000 share of ONL. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Capital Senior Living (CSU) performed a ticker change to SNDA.

November 12, 2021
The ExOne Company (XONE) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $8.50 and 2.14 shares of DM for each share of XONE previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

APRN Rights (APRN^) rights expired worthless.

November 11, 2021
Northern Genesis (NGAB) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to EMBK.

November 10, 2021
Emles Protective Allocation ETF (DEFN)  was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.6490 per share in cash.

Kadmon Holdings, Inc. (KDMN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.50 per share in cash.

Largo Resources Ltd. (LGO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

November 9, 2021
HERTZ GLOBAL (HTZZ) performed a ticker change to HTZ and was re-listed from OTC to NASDAQ.

HERTZ GLOBAL HLDGS (HTZZW) performed a ticker change to HTZWW and was re-listed to NASDAQ.

Vedanta (VEDL) was delisted pending ADR termination.

November 8, 2021
Alliance Data Systems Corporation (ADS) performed a spinoff of LYLTV. For every 1 share of ADS held, shareholders will receive 0.4000 share of LYLTV. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

QAD Inc. Class A (QADA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $87.5000 per share in cash.

QAD Inc. Class B (QADB) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $87.5000 per share in cash.

Motion Acquisition Corp. (MOTN) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to DCGO.

Eyegate Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (EYEG) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to KPRX.

Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co. II (KVSB) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to KIND.

Capital Senior Living Rights (CSU^) expired worthless.

NexPoint Strategic Opportunities Fund (NHF) performed a ticker change to NXDT.

NexPoint Strategic Opportunities Fund (NHF-A) performed a ticker change to NXDT-A.

November 5, 2021
Net Element, Inc. (NETE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to MULN.

bluebird bio, Inc. (BLUE) performed a spinoff of TSVT. For every 1 share of BLUE held, shareholders will receive 0.3333 share of TSVT. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Cortland Bancorp (CLDB) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $12.9376 and 0.9416 shares of FMNB for each share of CLDB previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

RIV Rights (RIV^) expired worthless.

November 4, 2021
Switchback II Corporation (SWBK) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to BRDS.

Reinvent Technology Partners Y (RTPY) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to AUR.

International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) performed a spinoff of KD. For every 1 share of IBM held, shareholders will receive 0.2000 share of KD. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Mechanical Technology Incorporated (MKTY) performed a ticker change to SLNH.

November 3, 2021
China Mobile Limited (CHL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.2045 per share in cash.

High Income Securities Fund, Rights (CHL) expired worthless.

The Mexico Equity and Income Fund, Inc., Rights (MXE^) expired worthless.

November 2, 2021
BONANZA CREEK ENERGY, INC. (BCEI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to CIVI.

Dell Technologies Inc. (DELL) performed a spinoff of VMW. For every 1 share of DELL held, shareholders will receive 0.4406 share of VMW. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

MISONIX, Inc. (MSON) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.6839 shares of BVS for each share of MSON previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Global X MSCI Norway ETF (NORW) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4766 new shares of NORW for each share of NORW previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Extraction Oil & Gas, Inc. (XOG) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.1883 shares of CIVI for each share of XOG previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

CBL & ASSOC PPTYS INC (CBLAQ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0055 shares of CBL for each share of CBLAQ previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

EXTRACTION OIL & GAS, INC. Warrants Tranche A (XOGAQWA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.1711 shares of CIVIW for each share of XOGAQWA previously held. Details are still pending.

EXTRACTION OIL & GAS, INC. Warrants Tranche B (XOGAQWB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.1711 shares of CIVIW-B for each share of XOGAQWB previously held. Details are still pending.

Severn Bancorp Inc (SVBI) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $1.5900 and 0.6207 shares of SHBI for each share of SVBI previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Vine Energy Inc. (VEI) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $1.2000 and 0.2486 shares of CHK for each share of VEI previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Nuveen Corporate Income (JHB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.4061 per share in cash.

Cortland Bancorp (CLDB) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

GTT Communications, Inc. (GTTN) performed a ticker change to GTTNQ. The security was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares.

November 1, 2021
VEREIT, Inc. (VER) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.7050 shares of O for each share of VER previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

INVESCO DYNAMIC CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND (VTA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to VTAZZZ.

Trident Acquisitions Corp. (TDAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to LTRY.

Trend Aggregation Growth ETF (TAAG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.9208 per share in cash.

Global X FTSE Nordic Region ETF (GXF) performed a ticker change to NORW.

AdvisorShares North Square McKee ESG Core Bond ETF (MENV) performed a ticker change to MENV.

MillerKnoll, Inc. (MLHR) performed a ticker change to MLKN.

CBM BANCORP INC (CBMB) was delisted to OTC and is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares.

MISONIX, Inc. (MSON) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Severn Bancorp Inc (SVBI) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Global X MSCI Norway ETF (NORW) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

October 29, 2021
Spartacus Acquisition Corporation (TMTS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to NN.

Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II (MCAD) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to BTTX.

Cellect Biotechnology Ltd (APOP) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to QNRX.

BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to CADE.

Cadence Bank (CADE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.7000 shares of CADE for each share of CADE previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Medallia, Inc. (MDLA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $34.0000 per share in cash.

INVESCO DYNAMIC CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND (VTA) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Emles Protective Allocation ETF (DEFN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

October 28, 2021
The McClatchy Company (MNIQQ) expired worthless.

OI S.A. American Depositary Shares (OIBR.C)  was delisted to OTC and performed a ticker change to OIBZQ.

October 27, 2021
BARCLAYS BK PLC Exchange Traded Fund (GAZZF) was delisted pending a remidiation. Details are still pending.

Nuveen Corporate Income November 2021 (JHB) was delisted pending a liquidation. Details are still pending.

Angel Oak Financial Strategies Income Term Trust Rights (FINS^) rights expired worthless.

October 26, 2021
The Gabelli Go Anywhere Trust (GGO) is pending liquidation. Details are still pending.

Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Income Fund (GPM) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5279292 shares of GOF for each share of GPM previously held.

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT ALLOCATION FUND (GGM) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.12334682 shares of GOF for each share of GGM previously held.

October 25, 2021
Direxion Daily Real Estate Bear 3X Shares (DRV) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DRV for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

P10 Holdings, Inc. (PIOE) performed a 7 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 7 share of PIOE for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if the fraction is over 0.5 and rounded down if less than 0.5.

Direxion Daily Technology Bear 3x Shares (TECS) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TECS for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X Shares (DPST) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of DPST for every 1 share previously held.

Direxion Daily Retail Bull 3X Shares (RETL) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of RETL for every 1 share previously held.

Big Cypress Acquisition Corp. (BCYP) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to SABS.

Seaport Global Acquisition Corp. (SGAM) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to RDBX.

AdvisorShares Pacific Asset Enhanced Floating rate ETF (FLRT) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

VanEck Vectors Unconventional Oil & Gas ETF (FRAK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $159.98 per share in cash.

VanEck Vectors Emerging Markets Aggregate Bond ETF (EMAG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.2889 per share in cash.

Trend Aggregation Growth ETF (TAAG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT ALLOCATION FUND (GGM) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Income Fund (GPM) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

AUGMEDIX INC (AUGX) was delisted to OTC and will be Position Close Only.

October 22, 2021
Global X TargetIncome 5 ETF (TFIV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.66 per share in cash.

RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA, INC. (RPAI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6230 shares of KRG for each share of RPAI previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

BANCO SANTANDER (BRASIL) SA (BSBR) performed a spinoff of GET. For every 1 share of BSBR held, shareholders will receive 0.1250 shares of GET. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Global X MSCI China Large-Cap 50 ETF  (CHIL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $33.91 per share in cash.

Global X TargetIncome Plus 2 ETF (TFLT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.26 per share in cash.

RiverFront Dynamic Unconstrained Income (RFUN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.67 per share in cash.

Alkuri Global Acquisition Corp. (KURI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to BBLN.

Itau CorpBanca Rights (ITCB^) was suspended. Voluntary event expires October 26, 2021.

Guangshen Railway Co. Ltd American Depositary Receipts (GSHHY) was delisted pending ADR termination. Cash proceeds will be distributed at some point after April 22, 2022.

October 21, 2021
INSPIRED ENTMT INC Warrant (INSEW) warrants have expired worthless.

GS Acquisition Holdings Corp (GSAH) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to MIR.

Select Interior Concepts, Inc. (SIC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.50 per share in cash.

Tiziana Life Sciences plc American Depository Share (TLSA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

BowX Acquisition Corp. (BOWX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to WE.

WASHINGTON PRIME GROUP (WPGGQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.7823 per share in cash for the liquidation.

October 20, 2021
Legato Merger Corp. (LEGO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to ASTL.

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. II (LOKB) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to NVTS.

Score Media and Gaming Inc. (SCR) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $17.00 and 0.2398 shares of PENN for each share of SCR previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

October 19, 2021
Victory Portfolios II VictoryShares Top Veteran Employers ETF (VTRN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.6170 per share in cash.

Victory Portfolios II VictoryShares Protect America ETF (SHLD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.3067 per share in cash.

Engine Media Holdings, Inc. (GAME) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Horizon (HZAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to SEAT.

EquityCompass Tactical Risk Manager ETF (TERM) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8707 shares of ERM for each share of TERM previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Pacific Mercantile Bancorp (PMBC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5000 shares of BANC for each share of PMBC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Select Bancorp, Inc. (SLCT) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4080 shares of FBNC for each share of SLCT previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Capstead Mortgage Corp. (CMO) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.94 and 0.3288 shares of FBRT for each share of CMO previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

October 18, 2021
Nxt-ID, Inc. (NXTD) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NXTD for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

VPC Impact (VIH) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to BKKT.

Marquee Raine Acquisition Corp. (MRAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to ENJY.

Janus Detroit Street Trust The Long-Term Care ETF (OLD) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $30.0573 cash per each share of OLD previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP (OLD^), which represents the right to receive future distributions.

GP Strategies Corp. (GPX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.8500 per share in cash.

Global X MSCI China Large-Cap 50 ETF (CHIL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

VanEck Vectors Emerging Markets Aggregate Bond ETF (EMAG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

VanEck Vectors Unconventional Oil & Gas ETF (FRAK) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Global X TargetIncome 5 ETF (TFIV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

EquityCompass Tactical Risk Manager ETF (TERM) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Teligent, Inc. (TLGT) was delisted from NASDAQ. The stock is currently not trading.

October 15, 2021
Navios Maritime Acquisition Corporation (NNA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1275 shares of NMM for each share of NNA previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up at 0.5 to the nearest share.

Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. (CSOD) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $57.50 per share in cash.

Capitaland Ltd (CLLDY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

GP Strategies Corp. (GPX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

October 14, 2021
Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. (PTIZZZ) expired worthless.

Xiaomi Corporation American Depositary Receipts (XIACY) was delisted to OTC.

KBS Fashion Group (KBSF) performed a ticker change to LLL.

October 13, 2021
RiverNorth/DoubleLine Strategic Opportunity Fund, Inc.  (OPP^) rights expired worthless.

Microchip Technology Incorporated Common Stock (MCHP) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of MCHP for every 1 share previously held.

KBS Fashion Group Limited (KBSF) performed a symbol change to LLL.

Sears Holdings Corporation (SHLD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Victory Portfolios II VictoryShares Top Veteran Employers ETF (VTRN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

October 12, 2021
Janus Detroit Street Trust The Long-Term Care ETF (OLD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Vitality Biopharma, Inc. (VBIO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

PGIM QMA Strategic Alpha Small-Cap Value ETF (PQSV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $66.03 per share in cash.

PGIM QMA Strategic Alpha Small-Cap Growth ETF (PQSG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $72.25 per share in cash.

PGIM QMA Strategic Alpha Large-Cap Core ETF (PQLC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $71.43 per share in cash.

TDK Corporation (TTDKY)  performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of TTDKY for every 1 share previously held.

LSB INDUSTRIES INC (LXU) distributed a .3000 stock dividend. Shareholders received .3000 additional shares for every share previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

ADOMANI, Inc. (ADOM) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Trinseo PLC (TSE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

October 11, 2021
ACON S2 Acquisition Corp. (STWO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to GWH.

Trinseo S.A. (TSE) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

October 8, 2021
Cloudera, Inc. (CLDR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.0000  per share in cash.

Industrial Tech Acquisitions, Inc. (ITAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to ARBE.

Ziff Davis, Inc. (JCOM) performed a spinoff of CCSIV. For every 1 share of JCOM held, shareholders will receive 0.3333 share of CCSIV. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. (ITUB) performed a spinoff of XP. For every 1 share of ITUB held, shareholders will receive 0.0230878461 share of XP. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Ziff Davis, Inc. (JCOM) performed a ticker change to ZD.

CLEARDAY INC (SCOND) performed a ticker change to CLRD.

Meta Metals Inc (MMTLP) is now set to Position Closing Only (PCO). This means that you can sell or hold your existing position, but not purchase additional shares. Please also note that you may currently place limit orders, but not market orders.

October 7, 2021
LifeSci Acquisition II Corp. (LSAQ) changed its corporate name to Science 37 Holdings Inc., and changed its CUSIP number.

IEC Electronics Corp. (IEC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.35 per share in cash.

Lonestar Resources US Inc. (LONE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.51 shares of PVAC for each share of LONE previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

October 6, 2021
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (XERS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

LiveXLive Media, Inc. (LIVX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to LVO.

Stamps.com Inc. (STMP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $330.0000 per share in cash.

Strongbridge Biopharma plc (SBBP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.784 shares of XERS for each share of SBBP previously held, with fractional shares paid as cash in lieu. Additionally, shareholders will receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Ardagh Group S.A. (ARD) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

IEC Electronics Corp. (IEC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Kona Grill, Inc. (KONA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

October 5, 2021
REXNORD CORPORATION (RXN) changed its corporate name to Zurn Water Solutions Corporation, and changed its CUSIP number.

REXNORD CORPORATION (RXN) performed a spinoff of RRX. For every 0.222961065646 shares of RXN held, shareholders will receive 0.222961065646 shares of RRX. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC) performed a ticker change to RRX.

PGIM QMA Strategic Alpha Large-Cap Core ETF (PQLC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

PGIM QMA Strategic Alpha Small-Cap Growth ETF (PQSG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

PGIM QMA Strategic Alpha Small-Cap Value ETF (PQSV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

FireEye, Inc. (FEYE) changed its corporate name to Mandiant, Inc., and changed its CUSIP number.

Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of ISRG for every 1 share previously held.

October 4, 2021
Cree, Inc. (CREE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to WOLF.

Kensington Capital II (KCAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to WBX.

Sogou Inc. (SOGO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.9300 per share in cash.

PIONEER ENERGY SVCS CORP (PESXQ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.8692 shares of PTEN for each share of PESXQ previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

WisdomTree U.S. Short Term High Yield Corporate Bond Fund (SFHY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $49.9817 per share in cash.

FRANK'S INTERNATIONAL (FI) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FI for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Coterra Energy Inc. (COG) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to CTRA.

October 1, 2021
DMYI (DMYI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to IONQ.

ChaSerg Technology Acquisition Corp (CTAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to KORE.

Montes Archimedes Acquisition Corp. (MAAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to ROIV.

Hancock Jaffe Laboratories, Inc. (HJLI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to NVNO.

RMR Mortgage Trust Common Stock (RMRM) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to SEVN.

Document Security Systems, Inc. (DSS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Lydall, Inc. (LDL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $62.10 per share in cash.

J. Alexander's Holdings, Inc. (JAX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.00 per share in cash.

Paya Holdings Inc. Warrant (PAYAW) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.2340 new shares of PAYA for each old share of PAYAW previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Bank of Commerce Holdings (BOCH) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4000 new shares of COLB for each old share of BOCH previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Altabancorp (ALTA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.7971 new shares of GBCI for each old share of ALTA previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

CIMAREX ENERGY CO (XEC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 4.0146 new shares of COG for each old share of XEC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Tremont Mortgage Trust (TRMT) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5160 new shares of SEVN for each old share of TRMT previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

InMode Ltd. (INMD) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of INMD for every 1 share previously held.

U.S. Well Services, Inc. (USWS) performed a 2 for 7 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of USWS for every 7 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

International Paper Co. (IP) performed a spinoff of SLVM. For every 1 shares of IP held, shareholders will receive 0.0909 shares of SLVM. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Sutter Rock Capital Corp. (SSSS) distributed a stock dividend of $1.58 per share. Shareholders received 0.0493 additional shares for every share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

September 30, 2021
Galileo Acquisition Corp. (GLEO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to SHPW.

PTK Acquisition Corp. (PTK) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to VLN.

Jaws Spitfire (SPFR) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to VLD.

Star Peak Corp II (STPC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to BHIL.

Union Acquisition Corp. II (LATN) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to PROC.

Magal Security Systems (MAGS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to SNT.

Washington Prime Group Inc. (WPG) performed a ticker change to WPGGQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

J. Alexander's Holdings, Inc. (JAX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

PEAK FINTECH GROUP INC (TNT) performed a ticker change to PKKFF. The security was delisted to OTC.

September 29, 2021
Taiwan Liposome Company, Ltd. (TLC) was delisted. The company is planning to go private.

CA Healthcare Acquisition Corp. (CAHC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to LMDX.

September 28, 2021
ERBA DIAGNOSTICS (ERBA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.0205 per share in cash.

September 27, 2021
Amplitude Healthcare Acquisition Corporation (AMHC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to JSPR.

Rotor Acquisition Corp. (ROT) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to STRC.

WisdomTree U.S. Short Term High Yield Corporate Bond Fund (SFHY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

PARINGA RES LTD American Depositary Receipts (PNRLY) is pending ADR termination.

September 24, 2021
Direxion High Growth ETF (HIPR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $71.3445  per share in cash.

Direxion S&P 500 High minus Low Quality ETF (QMJ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $68.8761 per share in cash.

Direxion MSCI USA ESG - Leaders vs. Laggards ETF (ESNG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $70.1867 per share in cash.

Direxion Connected Consumer ETF (CCON) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $52.9526 per share in cash.

Cellect Biotechnology Ltd. (APOP) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of APOP for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Sogou Inc. (SOGO) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

September 23, 2021
Fusion Acquisition Corp. (FUSE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to ML.

September 22, 2021
AzurRx BioPharma, Inc. (AZRX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to FWBI.

Continental AG (CTTAY) performed a spinoff of VTSCY. For every 1 share of CTTAY held, shareholders will receive 0.1000 share of VTSCY. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of RJF for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $70.0000 per share in cash.

September 21, 2021
TPG Pace Tech Opportunities Corp. (PACE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to NRDY.

NEW SENIOR INVESTMENT GROUP INC. (SNR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1561 shares of  VTR  for each share of SNR previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

CLEARDAY INC (SCOND) distributed a stock dividend. Shareholders received 0.7499 additional shares for every share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

September 20, 2021
Premier Financial Bancorp, Inc. (PFBI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5800 shares of  PEBO  for each share of PFBI previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

PRUDENTIAL (PUK) performed a spinoff of JXN. For every 1 shares of PUK held, shareholders will receive 0.0500 shares of JXN. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

iM DBi Managed Futures Strategy ETF (DBMF) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

iM DBi Hedge Strategy ETF (DBEH) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

D8 Holdings Corp. (DEH) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to RBOT.

HC2 Holdings, Inc. (HCHC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to VATE.

Direxion Connected Consumer ETF (CCON) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Direxion S&P 500 High minus Low Quality ETF (QMJ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Direxion High Growth ETF (HIPR) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

September 17, 2021
Atlas Crest Investment Corp. (ACIC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to ACHR.

Soaring Eagle Acquisition Corp. (SRNG) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to DNA.

Ossen Innovation Co. (OSN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.05 per share in cash.

September 16, 2021
Sonim Technologies, Inc. (SONM) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SONM for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

First Savings Financial Group, Inc. (FSFG) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of FSFG for every 1 share previously held.

Rice Acquisition Corp. (RICE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to LFG.

September 15, 2021
Translate Bio, Inc. (TBIO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $38.00 per share in cash.

Support.com, Inc. (SPRT) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1150 shares of GREE for each share of SPRT previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Air T, Inc. (AIRTW) expired worthless.

Qell Acquisition Corp. (QELL) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to LILM.

September 14, 2021
Hive Blockchain Technologies Ltd. (HVBT) performed a ticker change to HIVE.

September 13, 2021
AzurRx BioPharma, Inc. (AZRX) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AZRK for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

THE NEW HOME COMPANY INC. (NWHM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.00 per share in cash.

Ossen Innovation Co., Ltd. (OSN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

September 10, 2021
Sustainable Opportunities Acquisition Corp. (SOAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to TMC.

Osprey Technology Acquisition Corp. (SFTW) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to BKSY.

Blue Water Acquisition Corp. (BLUW) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to CRXT.

September 9, 2021
Catabasis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CATB) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to ATXS.

FRANCESCAS HLDGS CORP (FRANQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Superconductor Technologies Inc. (SCON) performed a 1 for 3.773585 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to SCOND. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SCOND for every 3.773585 shares of SCON previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Sequential Brands Group, Inc. (SQBG) performed a ticker change to SQBGQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

ECHO THERAPEUTICS INC (ECTE) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

September 8, 2021
Cincinnati Bell Inc. (CBB) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.5000 per share in cash.

Jaguar Health, Inc. (JAGX) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JAGX for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

September 7, 2021
Centricus Acquisition Corp. (CENH) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to ARQQ.

Mackinac Financial Corporation (MFNC) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $4.6400 and 0.2200 shares of NCBS for each share of MFNC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Kaz Minerals Plc American Depositary Receipts (KZMYY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Cincinnati Bell Inc. (CBB) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

September 03, 2021
Chardan Healthcare (CHAQ) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to RCOR.

Genesis Park Acquisition Corp. (GNPK) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to RDW.

September 02, 2021
CM Life Sciences II Inc. (CMII) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to SLGC.

Supernova Partners Acquisition Company, Inc. (SPNV) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to OPAD.

EXFO Inc. (EXFO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.25 per share in cash.

SharpSpring, Inc. (SHSP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.10 per share in cash.

Core Mark Holding Co Inc (CORE) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Core Mark Holding Co Inc (CORE) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $23.875 and 0.44 shares of PFGC for each share of CORE previously held.

September 01, 2021
QTS REALTY TRUST, INC. (QTS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $78.00 per share in cash.

Proofpoint, Inc. (PFPT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $176.00 per share in cash.

Cleveland BioLabs, Inc. (CBLI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to STAB.

ORBCOMM Inc. (ORBC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.50 per share in cash.

August 31, 2021
TWC Tech Holdings (TWCT) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to CLBT.

Sunlands Technology Group (STG) performed a 2 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 share of STG for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Kindred Biosciences, Inc. (KIN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.25 per share in cash.

Principal Active Income ETF (YLD) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of YLD for every 1 share previously held.

First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund (RFAP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.7829 shares of RFDI for each share of RFAP previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Acasti Pharma, Inc. (ACST) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ACST for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Air T, Inc. (AIRTW) warrants have been terminated.

August 30, 2021
ATIF Holdings Limited (ATIF) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ATIF for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Good Works Acquisition Corp. (GWAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to CIFR.

Sykes Enterprises (SYKE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $54.00 per share in cash.

EXFO Inc (EXFO) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Kindred Biosciences, Inc. (KIN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund (RFAP) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

August 27, 2021
Tortoise Acquisition Corp. II (SNPR) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to VLTA.

U.S. Concrete, Inc. (USCR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $74.00 per share in cash.

Capri Listco (AJAX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to CZOO.

LGL Systems (DFNS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to IRNT.

Aerpio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARPO) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split and a ticker change to AADI. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AADI for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Alpha Healthcare Acquisition (AHAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to HUMA.

Kismet Acquisition (KSMT) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to GDEV.

August 26, 2021
iShares Factors US Mid Blend Style ETF (STMB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $44.8416 per share in cash for the liquidation.

Cerecor Inc. (CERC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to AVTX.

iShares Factors US Small Blend Style ETF (STSB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $47.6273 per share in cash for the liquidation.

iShares Trust iShares Russell 1000 Pure U.S. Revenue ETF (AMCA)was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $37.5926 per share in cash for the liquidation.

Portman Ridge Finance Corporation (PTMN) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PTMN for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

SciSparc Ltd. American Depositary Receipts (SPRCY) performed a conversion from ADR into ordinary shares. The stock is currently not trading. Details are still pending.

iShares Adaptive Currency Hedged MSCI EAFE ETF (DEFA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $33.397712 per share in cash.

iShares Currency Hedged MSCI Mexico ETF (HEWW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.09124 per share in cash.

iShares International Preferred Stock ETF (IPFF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.760644 per share in cash.

Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (MXIM) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.63 shares of ADI for each share of MXIM previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

iShares Factors US Blend Style ETF (STLC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $42.350321 per share in cash.

Locust Walk Acquisition Corp. (LWAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to EFTR.

August 25, 2021
WHLR (WHLR^) rights expired worthless.

Eaton Vance New York Municipal Income Trust (EVY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.1870 per share in cash.

Vector Acquisition Corporation (VACQ) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to RKLB.

Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. (FWAA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to SMRT.

Ajax I (AJAX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and changed its corporate name to Capri Listco (AJAX).

The Gabelli Multimedia Trust Inc. (GGT^) rights are no longer trading. The deadline to exercise is August 25, 2021.

August 24, 2021
LIV Capital Acquisition Corp. (LIVK) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to AGIL.

RMG Acquisition Corp. (RMGB) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to RNW.

Commercial International Bank Ltd Sponsored ADR (CIBEY) distributed a stock dividend. Shareholders received 0.3333 additional shares for every share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

FAT Brands Inc. (FAT) performed a spinoff of FATBB. For every 1 shares of FAT held, shareholders will receive 0.1000 shares of FATBB. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

iShares Trust iShares Russell 1000 Pure U.S. Revenue ETF (AMCA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares International Preferred Stock ETF (IPFF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Factors US Small Blend Style ETF (STSB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Currency Hedged MSCI Mexico ETF (HEWW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Aerpio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARPO) performed a spin-off. Shareholders received one contingent value right (CVR) for each share of ARPO held on record date 08/20/2021. A CVR is not the same as a rights offering and is a non-tradeable security that pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

August 23, 2021
Eaton Vance New York Municipal Income Trust (EVY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

August 20, 2021
NextGen Acquisition Corporation (NGAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to XOS.

Innovator IBD ETF Leaders ETF (LDRS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.27 per share in cash for the liquidation.

Catabasis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CATB) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CATB for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

August 19, 2021
Bowl America Incorporated (BWL.A) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.53 per share in cash.

August 18, 2021
CF Finance Acquisition (CFAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to LIDR.

Basic Energy Services (BASWW) performed a ticker change to BASWQ.

Basis Energy Services, Inc. (BASX) performed a ticker change to BASXQ.

HG Holdings, Inc. (STLYD) performed a ticker change to STLY.

iPath S&P 500 Dynamic VIX ETN (XVZ) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

-- Xtrackers MSCI ACWI ex USA ESG Leaders Equity ETF (ACSG) performed a ticker change to EMCR.

August 17, 2021
Nustar (NSH) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to SPIR.

Moxian, Inc. (MOXC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of MOXC for each share of MOXC previously held.

P.A.M. Transportation Services, Inc. (PTSI) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of PTSI for every 1 share previously held.

August 16, 2021
Ethan Allen Interiors Inc (ETH) performed a ticker change to ETD.

Innovator IBD (LDRS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

MMA Capital Holdings, Inc. (MMAC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.77 per share in cash.

New Beginnings (NBA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to MIMO.

Software Acquisition Group Inc. (SAII) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to OTMO.

GreenVision Acquisition Corp (GRNV) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to HLBZ.

August 13, 2021
CARDCONNECT CORP (CCNWW) warrants have expired worthless.

Stable Road Acquisition (SRAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to MNTS.

Harvest Oil & Gas Corporation (HRSTW) expired worthless.

August 12, 2021
Consonance-HFW (CHFW) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to SRZN.

SC Health Corporation (SCPE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to RKLY.

August 11, 2021
BCTG Acquisition Corp. (BCTG) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to TNGX.

Peridot Acquisition Corp. (PDAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to LICY.

-- Reinvent Technology Partners (RTP) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to JOBY.

August 10, 2021
COHEN & STEERS MLP INCOME AND ENERGY OPPORTUNITY FUND, INC. (MIE) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $3.9118 cash per each share of MIE previously held. COHEN & STEERS MLP INCOME AND ENERGY OPPORTUNITY FUND, INC. (MIE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Lightspeed POS Inc. (LSPD) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Spark Energy, Inc. (SPKE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to VIA.

August 9, 2021
American River Bankshares (AMRB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5750 shares of BMRC for each share of AMRB previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

TrueShares Structured Outcome (NVMZ) performed a ticker change to NOVZ.

August 6, 2021
Iconix Brand Group, Inc. (ICON) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.15 per share in cash.

Chiasma, Inc. (CHMA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3960 shares of AMYT for each share of CHMA previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share at 0.5.

August 5, 2021
Iconix Brand Group, Inc. (ICON) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Talend S.A. American Depositary Shares (TLND) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $66.00 per share in cash.

Gores Holdings V, Inc. (GRSV) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to AMBP.

ProSight Global, Inc. (PROS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.85 per share in cash.

Newater Technology, Inc. (NEWA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.65 per share in cash.

Pacific Global Focused High Yield ETF (FJNK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.4427 per share in cash for the liquidation.

August 4, 2021
Intec Pharma Ltd. (NTEC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to INDP.

Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $2.2000 and 1.4080 shares of KIM for each share of WRI previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProSight Global, Inc. (PROS) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

August 3, 2021
FRANCESCAS HLDGS CORP (FRANQ) was delisted to OTC.

COHEN & STEERS MLP INCOME AND ENERGY OPPORTUNITY FUND, INC. (MIE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Limbach Holdings, Inc (LMBHW) warrants have expired worthless.

Fly Leasing Limited (FLY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.0500 per share in cash.

Momo Inc. (MOMO) changed its corporate name to Hello Group Inc. and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Reinvent Technology Partners Z (RTPZ) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to HIPO.

PQ Group Holdings Inc. (PQG) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to ECVT.

MDC Partners Inc. (MDCA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to STGW.

L Brands, Inc. (LB) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to BBWI.

L Brands, Inc. (LB) performed a spinoff of VSCO. For every 1 share of LB held, shareholders will receive 0.3333 share of VSCO. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

August 2, 2021
General Electric Company (GE) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GE for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

SolarWinds Corporation (SWI) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SWI for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

KraneShares (KCCB) performed a ticker change to KHYB.

Pacific Global Focused High Yield ETF (FJNK) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

XPO LOGISTICS, INC. (XPO) performed a spinoff of GXO. For every 1 share of XPO held, shareholders will receive 1 share of GXO. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Starboard Value Acquisition Corp. (SVAC) performed a spinoff of CYXTW. For every 1 share of SVAC held, shareholders will receive 0.342779302574 warrants for each share. Cyxtera Technologies Warrants (CYXTW) will be Position Close Only.

Dragoneer Growth Opportunities Corp. (DGNR) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to CCCS.

Nebula Caravel Acquisition Corp. (NEBC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to ROVR.

July 30, 2021
China Jo-Jo Drugstores, Inc. (CJJD) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Starboard Value Acquisition Corp. (SVAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to CYXT.

Pacer Military Times Best Employers ETF (VETS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $38.6365 per share in cash.

Talend S.A. (TLND) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

July 29, 2021
Capitol Investment Corp. V (CAP) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to DOMA.

Roth CH Acquisition II Co. (ROCC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to DOMA.

Brookfield Property REIT Inc. (BPYU) performed a cash & stock Merger. This means shares were removed and shareholders were credited with $12.38424741 cash per share, received 0.09133631 shares of Brookfield Asset Management Inc. (BAM) and 0.06572057 of Brookfield Property Partners LP (BPYPM) for each share of BPYU currently held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

July 28, 2021
Cleveland BioLabs, Inc. (CBLI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change  and changed its corporate name to Cytocom Inc. (CBLI).

MER Telemanagement Solutions Ltd. (MTSL) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to SBET. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SBET for every 2 shares of MTSL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Brookfield Property (BPY) performed a cash & stock Merger. This means shares were removed and shareholders were credited with $12.38424741 cash per share, received 0.09133631 shares of Brookfield Asset Management Inc. (BAM) and 0.06572057 of Brookfield Property Partners LP (BPYPM) for each share of BPY currently held. Fractional shares will be paid cash in lieu.

Pacer Military Times Best Employers ETF (VETS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

July 27, 2021
IRSA Propiedades Comerciales (IRCP) performed a 4.29500148275 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4.29500148275 shares of IRCP for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Intec Pharma Ltd. (NTEC) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NTEC for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

BlackRock Science and Technology Trust Rights (BST^) rights expired worthless.

The Gabelli Equity Trust Inc. Rights (GAB^) rights expired worthless.

At Home Group Inc. (HOME) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $37.0000 per share in cash.

Brookfield Property Partners L.P. (BPY) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Brookfield Property REIT Inc. (BPYU) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

July 26, 2021
Tuscan Holdings Corp. (THCB) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to MVST.

Auris Medical Holding (EARS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to CYTO.

Churchill Capital Corp IV (CCIV) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to LCID.

At Home Group Inc. (HOME) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

July 23, 2021
10X Capital Venture Acquisition (VCVC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to REE.

CM Life Sciences, Inc. (CMLF) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to SMFR.

Gores Holdings VI, Inc. (GHVI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to MTTR.

Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc. (ALSK) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.4000 per share in cash.

AG MORTGAGE INVESTMENT TRUST, INC. (MITT) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MITT for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Dean Foods Company (DFODQ) expired worthless.

July 22, 2021
Ascendant Digital Acquisition Corp. (ACND) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to MKTW.

Revolution Acceleration Acquisition (RAAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to BGRY.

First Choice Bancorp (FCBP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6603 shares of EFSC for each share of FCBP previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Property Solutions (PSAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to FFIE.

July 21, 2021
Image Sensing Systems, Inc. (ISNS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to AATC.

Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $60.00 and 2.1243 shares of AZN for each share of ALXN previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Andina Acquisition Corp. (ANDA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to SNAX.

HG Holdings, Inc. (STLY) performed a ticker change to STLYD, and performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of STLY for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

FG New America Acquisition Corp. (FGNA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to OPFI.

Slack Technologies, Inc. (WORK) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $26.79 and 0.0776 shares of CRM for each share of WORK previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Limbach Holdings, Inc. (LMBHW) warrants have expired worthless.

July 20, 2021
Rennova Health, Inc. (RNVAW) warrants have expired worthless.

Knoll, Inc. (KNL) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $11.00 and 0.32 shares of MLHR for each share of KNL previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of NVDA for every 1 share previously held.

SolarWinds Corporation (SWI) performed a spinoff of NABL. For every 1 shares of SWI held, shareholders will receive 0.5000 shares of NABL. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SCVL for every 1 share previously held.

NF Energy Saving Corporation (BIMI) changed its corporate name and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

July 19, 2021
Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ATH for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

iShares Global Tech ETF (IXN) performed a 6 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 6 shares of IXN for every 1 share previously held.

Xynomic Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. (XYNO) was delisted pending a cash merger.

NewHold Investment Corp. (NHIC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to EVLV.

Decarbonization Plus Acquisition Corporation (DCRB) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to HYZN.

Stemline Therapeutics, Inc. (STML^) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares U.S. Medical Devices ETF (IHI) performed a 6 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 6 shares of IHI for every 1 share previously held.

Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CNST) was delisted pending a cash merger.

GX Acquisiton Corp. (GXGX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to CELU.

Empower Ltd. (EMPW) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to HLLY.

Knoll, Inc. (KNL) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

MEDLEY MGMT INC (MDLYQ) performed a ticker change to MDLM.

July 16, 2021
Sandbridge Acquisition Corporation (SBG) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to OWLT.

Diamond S Shipping Inc. (DSSI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5538 shares of INSW for each share of DSSI previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

First Eagle Senior Loan Fund (FSLF) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive 11.2300 cash per each share of FSLF previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Hermitage Offshore Services (HOFSQ) was deemed worthless after the company's bankruptcy.

Samson Oil & Gas Limited American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (SSNYY) was deemed worthless after the company's bankruptcy.

Constellation Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CNST) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

July 15, 2021
Landcadia Holdings III, Inc. (LCY) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to HLMN.

one (AONE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to MKFG.

Rodgers Silicon Valley Acquisition Corp. (RSVA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to ENVX.

Magyar Bancorp, Inc. (MGYR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.2213 shares of new MGYR for each share of old MGYR previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Bancorp of Wisconsin, Inc. (BCOW) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.3163 shares of new BCOW for each share of old BCOW previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Luminex Corporation (LMNX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $37.0000 per share in cash.

FS Bancorp, Inc. (FSBW) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of FSBW for every 1 share previously held.

July 14, 2021
Tiziana Life Sciences (TLSA) performed a spinoff of ACMSY. For every 1 share of TLSA held, shareholders will receive 1 share of ACMSY.

Liberty All Star Growth (ASG^) rights expired worthless.

Roan Holdings Group Co. (RONWF) warrants have expired worthless.

Aspirational Consumer Lifestyle Corp. (ASPL) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to UP.

Newater Technology, Inc. (NEWA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

BlackRock Science and Technology Trust Rights (BST^) are no longer trading. The deadline to exercise is July 14, 2021.

The Gabelli Equity Trust Inc. Rights (GAB^) are no longer trading. The deadline to exercise is July 14, 2021.

July 13, 2021
Nano Labs Corp. (CTLED) performed a ticker change to MCNO, and changed its corporate name to Mucinno Holding, Inc.

July 12, 2021
Linx S.A. (LINX) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0127 shares of STNE and $6.3183 for each share of LINX previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Spartan Acquisition Corp. II (SPRQ) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to SUNL.

iPath US Treasury 5-year Bull ETN (DFVL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath US Treasury 5-year Bear ETN (DFVS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

July 9, 2021
MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1720 shares of MSGE for each share of MSGN previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Monaker Group, Inc. (MKGI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to NXTP.

Sorrento Tech, Inc. (ROKA) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

July 8, 2021
General Moly, Inc. (GMOLQ) was delisted due to bankruptcy.

Medley Management Inc (MDLY) was delisted from NASDAQ. The stock is currently not trading.

Alussa Energy Acquisition Corp. (ALUS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to FREY.

Torchlight Energy Resources, Inc. (TRCH) performed a spinoff of MMAT-A . For every 1 share of TRCH held on record date 6/24/2021, shareholders will receive 1 share of MMAT-A.

Terra Tech Corp (TRTC) performed a ticker change to UNRV.

July 7, 2021
Clough Global Equity Fund (GLQ^) rights expired worthless.

Shiloh Industries (SHLOQ) expired worthless.

Clough Global Opportunities Fund Rights (GLO^) rights expired worthless.

Clough Global Dividend and Income Fund Rights (GLV^) rights expired worthless.

China Customer Relations Centers (CCRC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.50 per share in cash.

July 6, 2021
GTT Communications, Inc. (GTT) performed a ticker change to GTTN.

Eaton Vance 2021 Target Term Trust (EHT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.84 per share in credit for the liquidation.

DNB ASA SPONSORED ADR (DNHBY) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to DNBBY.

Foley Trasimene Acquisition Corp. (WPF) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to ALIT.

July 2, 2021
FLKS Rights (FLKS^) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to SLRX+.

Apex Technology Acquisition Corporation (APXT) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to AVPT.

Climate Change Crisis Real Impact (CLII) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to EVGO.

Capitala Finance Corp. (CPTA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to LRFC.

Leisure Acquisition Corp. (LACQ) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to ENSC.

Falcon Capital Acquisition Corp. (FCAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to SHCR.

Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc. (PRAH) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4125 shares of ICLR and $80.0000  for each share of PRAH previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

CIM Commercial Trust Corporation (CMCT^) rights expired worthless.

July 1, 2021
Staffing 360 Solutions, Inc. (STAF) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of STAF for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Therapeutics Acquisition Corp. (RACA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to PNT.

Holicity Inc. (HOL) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to ASTR.

Tortoise Essential Assets Income Term Fund (TEAF) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Ivy Credit Opportunities Fund (IVH) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

DTE Energy Company (DTE) performed a spinoff of DTM. For every 1 shares of DTE held, shareholders will receive 0.5000 shares of DTM. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Navistar International (NAV) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $44.5000 per share in cash.

Watford Holdings Ltd. (WTRE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $35.0000  per share in cash.

Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc. (BPFH) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0228 shares of SIVB and $2.1000 for each share of BPFH previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

FIFTH STR ASSET MGMT INC (FSAM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.0147 per share in cash.

Amplify CrowdBureau Online Lending and Digital Banking ETF (LEND) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.27108813 per share in cash.

Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (HTZGQ) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Hertz Global Holdings (HTZGQ) performed a reorganization. Shareholders will receive $1.53 and 0.0904 shares of HTZZ, along with 0.6452 warrants of HTZZW for each share of HTZGQ previously held.

June 30, 2021
ION Acquisition Corp (IACA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to TBLA.

June 29, 2021
CSX Corporation (CSX) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of CSX for every 1 share previously held.

Thoma Bravo Advantage (TBA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to IS.

A.H. Belo Corporation (AHC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to DALN.

First Eagle Senior Loan Fund (FSLF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

June 28, 2021
Millendo Therapeutics, Inc. (MLND) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MLND for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Millendo Therapeutics, Inc. (MLND) performed a ticker change to TPST.

Torchlight Energy Resources, Inc. (TRCH) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TRCH for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Torchlight Energy Resources, Inc. (TRCH) performed a ticker change to MMAT.

CoStar Group, Inc. (CSGP) performed a 10 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 10 shares of CSGP for every 1 share previously held.

Brookfield Asset Management Inc (BAM) performed a spinoff of BAMR. For every 1 shares of BAM held, shareholders will receive 0.0069 shares of BAMR. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

EATON VANCE FLOATING-RATE INCOME PLUS FUND (EFF) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $15.6158 cash per each share of EFF previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Forest Road Acquisition Corp. (FRX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to BODY.

FTAC Olympus Acquisition Corp. (FTOC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to PAYO.

Forum Merger III Corporation (FIII) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to ELMS.

Amplify CrowdBureau Online Lending and Digital Banking ETF (LEND) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Eaton Vance 2021 Target Term Trust (EHT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Linx S.A. (LINX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

June 25, 2021
Artius Acquisition (AACQ) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to ORGN.

FinTech Acquisition (FTIV) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to PWP.

Colony Credit Real Estate, Inc. (CLNC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to BRSP.

ACP Rights (ACP^) rights expired worthless.

June 24, 2021
SiriusPoint Ltd., Contra (SPNT^) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

June 23, 2021
Hudson Executive (HEC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to TALK.

June 22, 2021
HCMC Rights (HCMC^) rights expired worthless.

Crescent Acquisition Corp (CRSA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to LVOX.

Colony Capital, Inc. (CLNY) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to DBRG.

Cardtronics (CATM) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

Acies Acquisition Corp. (ACAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to MYPS.

Clough Global Opportunities Fund Rights (GLO^) rights are no longer trading. The last day to exercise is today.

GLV Rights (GLV^) rights are no longer trading. The last day to exercise is today.

GLQ Rights (GLQ^) are no longer trading. The last day to exercise is today.

Duff & Phelps Select MLP and Midstream Energy Fund Inc. (DSE) was delisted pending a merger into a mutual fund. Customers were automatically sold out on 6/21/2021.

June 21, 2021
ACHAOGEN INC (AKAOQ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

EATON VANCE FLOATING-RATE INCOME PLUS FUND (EFF) was delisted pending liquidation. Details are still pending.

Systemax Inc. (SYX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to GIC.

June 18, 2021
Houston Wire & Cable Company (HWCC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.3000 per share in cash.

June 17, 2021
VG Acquisition Corp. (VGAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to ME.

Fortress Value Acquisition Corp. II (FAII) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to ATIP.

FS KKR Capital Corp. II (FSKR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9498 shares of FSK for each share of FSKR previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ReShape Lifesciences, Inc. (RSLS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5637 shares of RSLS for each share of RSLS previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

The Trade Desk, Inc. (TTD) performed a 10 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 10 shares of TTD for every 1 share previously held.

June 16, 2021
Urban Tea, Inc. (MYT) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to BTB.

Silver Spike Acquisition Corp. (SSPK) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to MAPS.

Extended Stay America, Inc. (STAY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.7500 per share in cash.

Obalon Therapeutics, Inc. (OBLN) performed a 1 for 3 reverse split, and changed its ticker symbol to RSLS. This means shareholders will now hold 1 shares of RSLS for every 3 shares of OBLN previously held.

VOYA NATURAL RESOURCES (IRR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.7180 per share in cash.

ACP Rights (ACP^) rights expired worthless.

Houston Wire & Cable Company (HWCC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

ReShape Lifesciences Inc (RSLS) was delisted pending a merger with Obalon Therapeutics, Inc.

June 15, 2021
GRUBHUB INC. (GRUB) performed a stock merger with Just Eat Takeaway (JETKD). Shareholders will receive 3.355 new shares for each share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu. Following the merger, the combined company will trade under the ticker GRUB.

ArcLight Clean Transition Corp. (ACTC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to PTRA.

SVMK Inc. (SVMK) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to MNTV.

Nabors Industries (NBR) performed a spinoff of NBR Warrants. For every share of NBR held on record date of June 4th, 2021, shareholders will receive 0.4 shares of NBR Warrants. Fractional shares resulting from the spin off will be paid as cash in 1-2 weeks.

June 14, 2021
Leaf Group Ltd. (LEAF) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.5000 per share in cash.

Churchill Capital Corp II (CCX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to SKIL.

VOYA NATURAL RESOURCES (IRR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Nano Labs Corp. (CTLE) performed a 1 for 70 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CTLE for every 70 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Nano Labs Corp. (CTLE) performed a ticker change to CTLED.

June 11, 2021
CVR ENERGY, INC. (CVI) performed a spinoff. For every 0.1048 shares of CVI held, shareholders will receive 0.1048 shares of DK. Fractional shares resulting from the spin off will be paid as cash in 1-2 weeks.

CONCORDIA INTL (CXRXF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.26 per share in cash.

Gulfport Energy (GPORQ) expired worthless.

HighCape Capital (CAPA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to QSI.

Nexeo Solutions, Inc. (NXEOW) warrants have expired worthless.

Harvest Capital (HCAP) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.3602 and 3.8606 shares of PTMN for each share of HCAP previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Thunder Bridge Acquisition (THBR) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to INDI.

TOTAL SE (TOT) performed a ticker change to TTE.

June 10, 2021
GigCapital2, Inc. (GIX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to UPH.

WisdomTree (QSY) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of QSY for every 1 share previously held.

WisdomTree Global (DNL) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of DNL for every 1 share previously held.

TCF Financial Corporation (TCF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 3.0028 new shares of HBAN for each old share of TCF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

FinServ Acquisition (FSRV) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to KPLT.

GASLOG (GLOG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.80 per share in cash.

ARYA Sciences (ARYA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to NAUT.

Harvest Capital (HCAP) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Nexeo Solutions, Inc. (NXEOW) warrants expired. The stock is no longer trading.

June 09, 2021
Deerfield Healthcare Technology Acquisitions (DFHT) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to CMAX.

Morgan Stanley Cushing (MLPY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

GASLOG LTD (GLOG) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

June 08, 2021
A.H. Belo Corporation (AHC) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AHC for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Cooper Tire & Rubber Co. (CTB) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $41.75 and 0.9070 shares of GT for each share of CTB previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Juniper Industrial Holdings, Inc. (JIH) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to JBI.

Bespoke Capital Acquisition Corp. (BSPE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to VWE.

Shiloh Industries, Inc. (SHLOQ) was delisted after the companys bankruptcy.

June 07, 2021
SYNAPTOGENIX INC (SNPXD) performed a ticker change to SNPX and was re-listed from OTC to NASDAQ.

Cornerstone Total Return Fund (CRF^) rights expired worthless.

VOYA PRIME RATE TRUST (PPR) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a ticker change to BRW.

Cornerstone Strategic Value Fund (CLM^) rights expired worthless.

TS Innovation Acquisitions Corp. (TSIA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and a ticker change to LTCH.

Neogen Corporation (NEOG) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of NEOG for every 1 share previously held.

The Gabelli Equity Trust Inc. (GAB) performed a spinoff of GAB^. For every 1 share of GAB held, shareholders will receive 1 share of GAB^. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest multiple of 10.

Cooper Tire & Rubber Co. (CTB) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

June 4, 2021
KraneShares Bloomberg (KCNY) performed a ticker change to KBND.

Jaws Acquisition Corp. (JWS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to CANO.

CollPlant Holdings, Ltd. (CLGN) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Corelogic, Inc. (CLGX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $80.0000 per share in cash.

iPath Series B Bloomberg (JJN) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of JJN for every 1 share previously held.

iPath Series B Bloomberg (JJC) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of JJC for every 1 share previously held.

iPath Series B Bloomberg (JJA) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of JJA for every 1 share previously held.

iPath Series B Bloomberg (GRN) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of GRN for every 1 share previously held.

iPath Shiller (CAPE) performed a 10 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 10 shares of CAPE for every 1 share previously held.

June 3, 2021
Merck & Co. (MRK) performed a spinoff of OGN. For every 1 shares of MRK held, shareholders will receive 0.1 shares of OGN. Fractional shares from the spinoff will be paid as cash in lieu.

Dean Foods Company (DFODQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

June 2, 2021
Standard AVB Financial Corp. (STND) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $33.0000 per share in cash.

Protective Insurance Corporation (PTVCB) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.3000 per share in cash.

Boingo Wireless, Inc. (WIFI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.0000 per share in cash.

Protective Insurance Corporation (PTVCA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.3000 per share in cash.

Northern Star Acquisition Corp. (STIC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to BARK.

Cantel Medical Corporation (CMD) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3379 shares of STE and $16.9300 for each share of CMD previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Weatherford International (WFTLF) performed a ticker change to WFRD and was re-listed from OTC to NASDAQ.

June 1, 2021
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. (IPOE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to SOFI.

Standard AVB Financial Corp. (STND) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

May 28, 2021
OTIVF Rights (OTIVF^) expired worthless.

Castor Maritime Inc. (CTRM) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CTRM for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

TrustCo Bank Corp NY (TRST) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TRST for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Kona Grill, Inc. (KONAQ) performed a ticker change to KONA.

Clough Global Opportunities Fund (GLO) performed a spinoff of GLO^. For every 1 shares of GLO held, shareholders will receive 1 share of GLO^. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest multiple of 3.

Clough Global Dividend and Income Fund (GLV) performed a spinoff of GLV^. For every 1 shares of GLV held, shareholders will receive 1 share of GLV^. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest multiple of 3.

Clough Global Equity Fund (GLQ) performed a spinoff of GLQ^. For every 1 shares of GLQ held, shareholders will receive 1 share of GLQ^. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest multiple of 3.

May 27, 2021
Seadrill Partners LLC (SDLPQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Tribune Publishing Company (TPCO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.25 per share in cash.

LafargeHolcim Ltd. American Depositary Receipts (HCMLY) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

May 26, 2021
Seadrill Partners LLC (SDLPQ) was delisted. The security was delisted to OTC.

Advantage Oil & Gas (AAVVF) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Aberdeen Income Credit Strategies Fund (ACP) performed a spinoff of ACP^. For every 1 shares of ACP held, shareholders will receive 1 shares of ACP^.

Battle North Gold (BNAUF) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.1966 per share in cash.

General Finance Corporation (GFN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.00 per share in cash.

FBL Financial Group (FFG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $61.00 per share in cash.

Cubic Corporation (CUB) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $75.00 per share in cash.

ProShares Ultra VIX Short-Term Futures ETF (UVXY) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of UVXY for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Novan, Inc. (NOVN) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NOVN for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Bloomberg Crude Oil (SCO) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SCO for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares VIX Short-Term Futures ETF (VIXY) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VIXY for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Silver (ZSL) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ZSL for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

May 25, 2021
Burcon NutraScience Corporation (BUROF) performed a ticker change to BRCN. The new shares of BRCN are now tradeable.

Tribune Publishing Company (TPCO) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Cubic Corporation (CUB) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

ProShares UltraShort MSCI Brazil Capped (BZQ) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BZQ for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Semiconductors (SSG) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SSG for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort MidCap400 (MZZ) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MZZ for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Industrials (SIJ) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SIJ for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Health Care (RXD) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RXD for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Consumer Goods (SZK) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SZK for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Real Estate (SRS) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SRS for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort SmallCap600 (SDD) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SDD for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraPro Short Dow 30 (SDOW) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SDOW for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraPro Short MidCap400 (SMDD) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SMDD for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Basic Materials (SMN) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SMN for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares Ultra Russell2000 (UWM) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of UWM for every 1 share previously held.

ProShares Ultra Semiconductors (USD) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of USD for every 1 share previously held.

ProShares Ultra Industrials (UXI) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of UXI for every 1 share previously held.

ProShares Ultra QQQ (QLD) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of QLD for every 1 share previously held.

ProShares Ulta SmallCap600 (SAA) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of SAA for every 1 share previously held.

ProShares UltraPro MidCap400 (UMDD) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of UMDD for every 1 share previously held.

ProShares UltraPro Dow 30 (UDOW) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of UDOW for every 1 share previously held.

ProShares Ultra Oil & Gas (DIG) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of DIG for every 1 share previously held.

IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 new share of IAC and 1.6235 shares of VMEO.

Big Rock Partners Acquisition Corp. (BRPA)  performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to NRXP.

WBI BullBear Trend Switch (WBIN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.24 per share in cash.

WBI BullBear Rising Income 3000 ETF (WBIE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.02 per share in cash.

May 24, 2021
Reverse Cap Weighted US Large Cap ETF (RVRS) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and performed a ticker change to YPS.

iShares Gold Trust (IAU) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IAU for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Plantronics, Inc. (PLT) performed a ticker change to POLY.

FREESEAS INC (FREEF) is temporarily untradeable due to an SEC suspension.

May 21, 2021
Battle North Gold (BNAUF) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Onconova Therapeutics, Inc. (ONTX) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ONTX for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

May 20, 2021
Lianluo Smart Limited (LLIT) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and a symbol change to NEGG.

Summit Therapeutics Inc. (SMMT^) expired worthless.

Atlantic Acquisition Corp. (ATAC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and a symbol change to OWL.

May 19, 2021
IRSA Inversiones y Representaciones (IRS^) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.0351 per share in cash.

Seagate Technology (STX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

SYNAPTOGENIX INC (SNPX) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split, and changed its ticker symbol to SNPXD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SNPXD for every 4 shares of SNPX previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ECHO THERAPEUTICS INC (ECTE) is temporarily untradeable due to an SEC suspension.

May 18, 2021
Aegion Corp (AEGN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.00 per share in cash.

Assertio Therapeutics, Inc. (ASRT) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ASRT for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Piedmont Lithium Limited (PLL) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Atlantic Power Corporation (AT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.03 per share in cash.

May 17, 2021
FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $28.00 and 0.0718 shares of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated (TDY) for each share of FLIR previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in 1-2 weeks.

Western Asset Corporate Loan Fund Inc. (TLI^) expired worthless.

Atlantic Power Corporation (AT) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

WBI BullBear Rising Income (WBIE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

WBI BullBear Trend Switch (WBIN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

PARKER DRILLING CO (PKDSQ^) performed a ticker change to PKDCW. Warrants are now trading.

Gulfport Energy Corporation (GPORQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

May 14, 2021
Canadian Pacific Railway (CP) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of CP for every 1 share previously held.

Kingold Jewelry Inc. (KGJI) is temporarily untradeable due to an SEC suspension.

May 11, 2021
ClearShares Piton (BTC) performed a ticker change to PIFI.

William Hill Plc (WIMHY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Noble Midstream Partners (NBLX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1393 shares of CVX for each share of NBLX previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

May 10, 2021
Jardine Strategic Holdings Ltd (JSHLY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Experience Investment Corp. (EXPC) performed a ticker change to BLDE, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

May 7, 2021
Vestas Wind Systems (VWDRY) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of VWDRY for every 1 share previously held.

GigCapital3, Inc. (GIK) performed a ticker change to ZEV and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Perspecta Inc. (PRSP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $29.35 per share in cash.

LM Funding America, Inc. (LMFA) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LMFA for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

SUNDANCE ENERGY INC (SNDEQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Northern Genesis Acquisition Corp. (NGA) performed a ticker change to LEV and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

May 6, 2021
Bluegreen Vacations Corporation (BXG) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5100 shares of BVH for each share of BXG previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Vesper Healthcare Acquisition Corp. (VSPR) performed a ticker change to SKIN and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

GSX Techedu Inc. (GSX) performed a ticker change to GOTU.

GW Pharmaceuticals Plc American Depositary Shares (GWPH) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $199.9000 and 0.1204 shares of JAZZ for each share of GWPH previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

May 5, 2021
Western Asset Municipal Defined Opportunity Trust Inc. (MTT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.1993 per share in cash.

BELLATRIX EXPL LTD (BXEFF) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

May 4, 2021
FRONTIER COMMUNICATIONS CORP (FTRCQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

RigNet, Inc. (RNET) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1845 shares of VSAT for each share of RNET previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

May 3, 2021
Blue Ridge Bankshares, Inc. (BRBS) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of BRBS for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Aphria Inc. (APHA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8381 shares of TLRY for each share of APHA previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Garrett Motion Inc. (GTXMQ) performed a ticker change to GTX.

RigNet, Inc. (RNET) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. (WDR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.0000 per share in cash.

Allied Motion Technologies, Inc. (AMOT) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of AMOT for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

April 30, 2021
STEIN MART INC (SMRTQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Mohawk Group Holdings, Inc. (MWK) performed a ticker change to ATER and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

April 29, 2021
Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.5000 per share in cash.

Star Peak Energy Transition Corp. (STPK) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to STEM.

April 28, 2021
Companhia Paranaense de Energia (ELP) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ELP for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

VALARIS PLC Ordinary Shares (VALPQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Atlas Energy Group, LLC (ATLS) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Seneca Biopharma, Inc. (SNCA) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SNCA for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Seneca Biopharma (SNCA) performed a spin-off. Shareholders. received one CVR for each share of SNCA held on record date 4/26/2021/ A CVR is a non-tradeable security that pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones. The CVR is denoted on your app as "PALI^".

April 27, 2021
SUNDANCE ENERGY INC (SNDEQ) was delisted to OTC.

GenMark Diagnostics, Inc. (GNMK) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.0500 per share in cash.

ION Geophysical Corporation, Rights (IO^) expired worthless.

CRH Medical Corporation (CRHM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.0000 per share in cash.

InspireMD, Inc. (NSPR) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NSPR for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

CHF Solutions, Inc. (CHFS) performed a ticker change to NUWE and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Diamond Offshore Drilling (DOFSQ) performed a reorganization following its bankruptcy. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive 0.05452117 warrants for each share previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

April 26, 2021
DIAMOND OFFSHORE DRILLING INC (DOFSQ) was delisted to OTC.

SUNDANCE ENERGY INC (SNDEQ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

April 23, 2021
CRH Medical Corporation (CRHM) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

GenMark Diagnostics, Inc. (GNMK) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures ETN (VXX) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VXX for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

RealPage, Inc. (RP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $88.7500 per share in cash.

Ruhnn Holding Limited American Depositary Shares (RUHN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.4000 per share in cash.

April 22, 2021
Capstone Turbine Corporation (CPST) performed a ticker change to CGRN.

Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. (GEENQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Gabelli Utility Trust (GUT^) rights expired worthless.

CCUR Holdings, Inc. (CCUR) performed a ticker change to CCURZZZ and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

China Biologic Products, Inc. (CBPO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $120.0000 per share in cash.

April 21, 2021
Ruhnn Holding Limited American Depositary Shares(RUHN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

China Biologic Products, Inc. (CBPO) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

dMY Technology Group, Inc. II (DMYD) performed a ticker change to GENI and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Inphi Corporation (IPHI) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $66.0000 and 2.3230 shares of MRVL for each share of IPHI previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

NIC Inc. (EGOV) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $34.0000 per share in cash.

Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc. (FPRX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $38.0000 per share in cash.

Marvell Technology Group Ltd (MRVL) changed its name to Marvell Technology Inc and changed its domicile from Bermuda to the United States.

April 20, 2021
Blackrock Muni Yield Investment Fund, Inc. (MYF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8873 shares of MQY for each share of MYF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

BlackRock Massachusetts Tax-Exempt Trust (MHE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8314 shares of MQY for each share of MHE previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

BlackRock Maryland Municipal Bond Trust (BZM) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9169 shares of MQY for each share of BZM previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Blackrock Muni Enhanced Fund, Inc. (MEN) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.7488 shares of MQY for each share of MEN previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

BlackRock MuniYield Arizona Fund, Inc. (MZA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8920 shares of MQY for each share of MZA previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Vanguard Scottsdale Funds Vanguard Russell 2000 ETF (VTWO) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of VTWO for every 1 share previously held.

500.com Limited (WBAI) performed a ticker change to BTCM and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Vanguard Scottsdale Funds Vanguard Russell 1000 Value ETF (VONV) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of VONV for every 1 share previously held.

Vanguard Scottsdale Funds Vanguard Russell 1000 Growth ETF (VONG) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of VONG for every 1 share previously held.

April 19, 2021
MonotaRO (MONOY) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of MONOY for every 1 share previously held.

iShares Morningstar Mid-Cap Value ETF (IMCV) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of IMCV for every 1 share previously held.

iShares Morningstar Small Value ETF (ISCV) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of ISCV for every 1 share previously held.

iShares Morningstar U.S. Equity ETF (ILCB) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of ILCB for every 1 share previously held.

iShares Morningstar Value ETF (ILCV) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of ILCV for every 1 share previously held.

iShares Morningstar Mid Core ETF (IMCB) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of IMCB for every 1 share previously held.

iShares Morningstar Growth ETF (ILCG) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of ILCG for every 1 share previously held.

iShares Morningstar Growth ETF (IMCG) performed a 6 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 6 shares of IMCG for every 1 share previously held.

iShares Morningstar Small Core ETF (ISCB) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of ISCB for every 1 share previously held.

iShares Morningstar Small-Cap Growth ETF (ISCG) performed a 6 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 6 shares of ISCG for every 1 share previously held.

Akers Biosciences (AKER) performed a 2 for 1 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AKER for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Akers Biosciences (AKER) performed a ticker change to MYMD.

USA Technologies, Inc. (USAT) performed a ticker change to CTLP and changed its corporate name to Cantaloupe, Inc.

SEACOR Holdings (CKH) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $41.5000 per share in cash.

BlackRock Maryland Municipal Bond Trust (BZM) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Blackrock Muni Enhanced Fund, Inc. (MEN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

BlackRock Massachusetts Tax-Exempt Trust (MHE) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Blackrock Muni Yield Investment Fund, Inc. (MYF) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

BlackRock MuniYield Arizona Fund, Inc. (MZA) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc. (FPRX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

IMMUNE PHARMACEUTICALS INC. (IMNPQ) was suspended pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

April 16, 2021
Seacor Holdings Inc. (CKH) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

LINE Corporation (LN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $49.0471 per share in cash.

The Michaels Companies, Inc. (MIK) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.0000 per share in cash.

Golar LNG Partners LP Common Units Representing Limited Partnership (GMLP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.5500 per share in cash.

Tekla World Healthcare Fund, Rights (THW^) expired worthless.

AAC HLDGS INC (AACH) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

ClearShares Piton Intermediate Fixed Income ETF (PIFI) performed a ticker change to BTC.

April 15, 2021
Centerra Gold Inc Common Shares (CAGDF) performed a ticker change to CGAU.

Sociedad Quimica y Minera de Chile S.A. Rights (SQM^) expired worthless.

Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $177.5000 per share in cash.

April 14, 2021
Gabelli Utility Trust Rights (GUT^) expired worthless.

Xtrackers USD High Yield Corporate Bond ETF (HYLB) performed a 1.25 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1.25 shares of HYLB for every 1 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

April 13, 2021
BlackRock Municipal Income Investment Trust (BBF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9573 shares of BLE for each share of BBF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

BlackRock New York Municipal Income Trust II (BFY) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0301 shares of BNY for each share of BFY previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

The BlackRock Strategic Municipal Trust (BSD) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9782 shares of BLE for each share of BSD previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

BLACKROCK NEW YORK MUNICIPAL INCOME QUALITY TRUST (BSE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9923 shares of BNY for each share of BSE previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

BLACKROCK MUNIYIELD INVESTMENT QUALITY FUND (MFT) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9569 shares of BLE for each share of MFT previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Nuveen Maryland Quality Municipal Income Fund (NMY) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9418 shares of NAD for each share of NMY previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Nuveen New York Municipal Value Fund 2 (NYV) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.5515 shares of NNY for each share of NYV previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Wanda Sports Group Company Limited American Depositary Shares (WSG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.4974 per share in cash.

April 12, 2021
BlackRock Municipal Income Investment Trust (BBF) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

BlackRock New York Municipal Income Trust II (BFY) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

The BlackRock Strategic Municipal Trust (BSD) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

BLACKROCK NEW YORK MUNICIPAL INCOME QUALITY TRUST (BSE) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

BLACKROCK MUNIYIELD INVESTMENT QUALITY FUND (MFT) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Nuveen Maryland Quality Municipal Income Fund (NMY) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

JPMorgan U.S. Aggregate Bond ETF (JAGG) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JAGG for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

JPMorgan BetaBuilders Canada ETF (BBCA) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BBCA for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

JPMorgan BetaBuilders Europe ETF (BBEU) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BBEU for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

JPMorgan BetaBuilders Japan ETF (BBJP) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BBJP for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

JPMorgan BetaBuilders Developed Asia-ex Japan ETF (BBAX) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BBAX for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

JPMorgan BetaBuilders 1-5 Year U.S. Aggregate Bond ETF (BBSA) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BBSA for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

April 9, 2021
Avalon Advanced Materials, Inc. (AVLND) performed a ticker change to AVLNF.

Apex Global Brands Inc. (APEX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.0000 per share in cash.

Entercom Communications (ETM) performed a ticker change to AUD and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Pluralsight, Inc. (PS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.5000 per share in cash.

April 8, 2021
Emergent Capital, Inc. (EMGCQ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $58.500 per share in cash.

Fidelity Nasdaq Composite Index ETF (ONEQ) performed a 10 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 10 shares of ONEQ for every 1 share previously held.

Aviat Networks, Inc. (AVNW) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of AVNW for every 1 share previously held.

April 7, 2021
Apex Global Brands Inc. (APEX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Pluralsight, Inc. (PS) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

SMTC Corporation (SMTX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.0440 per share in cash.

New Providence Acquisition Corp. (NPA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to ASTS.

Emergent Capital, Inc. (EMGCQ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Harvest Oil & Gas Corporation (HRSTW) warrants have been terminated.

April 6, 2021
SMTC Corporation (SMTX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Apex Global Brands Inc. (APEX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Collective Growth Corporation (CGRO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to INVZ.

VOYA INTERNATIONAL HIGH DIVIDEND EQUITY INCOME FUND (IID) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.5880 per share in cash.

VictoryShares Emerging Market Volatility Wtd (CEZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.7000 per share in cash.

Synacor, Inc. (SYNC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.2000 per share in cash.

Pandion Therapeutics Inc. (PAND) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $60.0000 per share in cash.

Mechanical Technology Inc. (MKTY) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

April 5, 2021
HMS Holdings Corp (HMSY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $37.0000 per share in cash.

HighPoint Resources Corporation (HPR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.11464 shares of BCEI for each share of HPR previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

CareCloud, Inc. (MTBC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Nesco Holdings, Inc. (NSCO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to CTOS.

Replay Acquisition Corp. (RPLA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to FOA.

Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. (GEENQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Pandion Therapeutics Inc. (PAND) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Synacor, Inc. (SYNC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

April 1, 2021
VOYA INTERNATIONAL HIGH DIVIDEND EQUITY INCOME FUND (IID) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Sony Corporation (SNE) performed a ticker change to SONY.

Global X Funds Global X Longevity Thematic ETF (LNGR) performed a ticker change to AGNG.

CELADON GROUP INC (CGIPQ) performed a ticker change to CGIP.

Home Federal Bancorp, Inc. of Louisiana (HFBL) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of HFBL for every 1 share previously held.

The Sherwin-Williams Company (SHW) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of SHW for every 1 share previously held.

Navios Maritime Containers L.P. (NMCI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3900 shares of NMM for each share of NMCI previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Fauquier Bankshares, Inc.(FBSS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6750 shares of VABK for each share of FBSS previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Otelco, Inc. (OTEL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.7500 per share in cash.

March 31, 2021
Foley Trasimene Acquisition Corp. II (BFT) performed a ticker change to PSFE and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Southern National Bancorp of Virginia, Inc. (SONA) performed a ticker change to FRST and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Cancer Genetics, Inc.(CGIX) performed a ticker change to VYNT and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

FERRELLGAS PARTNERS LP Unit (FGPRQ) the stock is currently not trading.

March 30, 2021
China Gerui Advanced Materials Group Limited Ordinary Shares (CHOPF) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Urovant Sciences Ltd. (UROV) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.2500 per share in cash.

AGFiQ U.S. Market Neutral Momentum Fund (MOM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.4959 per share in cash.

AGFiQ Dynamic Hedged U.S. Equity ETF (USHG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.5987 per share in cash.

Mateon Therapeutics Inc (MATN) performed a ticker change to OTLC and changed its corporate name to Oncotelic, Inc.

March 29, 2021
China Distance Education Holdings Limited (DL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.7500 per share in cash.

Urovant Sciences Ltd. (UROV) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.2500 per share in cash.

Gridsum Holding Inc. (GSUM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.9500 per share in cash.

MicroSectors US Big Oil -3x Inverse Leveraged ETN (NRGD) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1share of NRGD for every 10shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

MicroSectorsTM U.S. Big Banks Index -3X Inverse Leveraged ETNs (BNKD) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BNKD for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

China Gerui Advanced Materials Group Limited Ordinary Shares (CHOPF) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

March 26, 2021
Genesis Healthcare, Inc. (GEN) performed a ticker change to GENN.

Gridsum Holding Inc. American Depositary Shares (GSUM) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

VictoryShares Emerging Market Volatility Wtd ETF (CEZ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

NTN Buzztime, Inc. (NTN) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NTN for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

NTN Buzztime, Inc (NTN) performed a ticker change to BTX.

Executive Network Partnering Corporation (ENPC) performed a 5 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of ENPC for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

March 25, 2021
CIIG Merger (CIIC) performed a ticker change ARVL and changed its corporate name to Arrival Ltd.

SUPERIOR ENERGY SVCS INC (SPNX) was declared worthless after the company's bankruptcy.

Invesco Cleantech ETF (PZD) performed a ticker change to ERTH and changed its corporate name to Invesco MSCI Sustainable Future ETF.

March 24, 2021
SPDR Solactive Canada ETF (ZCAN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $70.1143 per share in cash.

SPDR Solactive Hong Kong ETF (ZHOK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $72.1584 per share in cash.

SPDR MFS Systematic Value Equity ETF of SSgA Active Trust (SYV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $78.1506 per share in cash.

SPDR Series Trust SPDR Dorsey Wright Fixed Income Allocation ETF (DWFI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.8332 per share in cash.

SPDR Solactive Japan ETF (ZJPN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $91.0276 per share in cash.

SPDR MFS Systematic Growth Equity ETF of SSgA Active Trust (SYG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $117.7604 per share in cash.

SPDR EURO STOXX Small Cap ETF (SMEZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $74.4463 per share in cash.

SPDR MFS Systematic Core Equity ETF of SSgA Active Trust (SYE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $103.1524 per share in cash.

SPDR Solactive Germany ETF (ZDEU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $66.4301 per share in cash.

SPDR Solactive United Kingdom ETF (ZGBR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $48.5386 per share in cash.

SINA Corporation (SINA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $43.3000 per share in cash.

March 23, 2021
JUST ENERGY GROUP INC. (JE) performed a ticker change to JENGQ.

Newborn Acquisition Corp.(NBAC) changed its corporate name to Nuvve Holding Corp., performed a ticker change to NVVE, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

SINA Corporation (SINA) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

India Globalization Capital Inc. Warrant (IGCIW) expired worthless.

March 22, 2021
Longevity Acquisition Corporation (LOAC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9414 shares of LBPS for each share of LOAC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Anworth Mortgage Asset Corporation (ANH) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.6100, and 0.1688 shares of RC for each share of ANH previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Oaktree Strategic Income Corporation (OCSI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.3371 shares of OCSL for each share of OCSI previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Bioanalytical SystemsF (BASI) performed a ticker change to NOTV, and changed its corporate name to Inotiv, Inc.

Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. (BNL) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Neos Therapeutics, Inc. (NEOS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1088 shares of AYTU for each share of NEOS previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

JUST ENERGY GROUP INC. (JE) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

iShares Morningstar Large-Cap (JKF) performed a ticker change to ILCV, and changed its corporate name to iShares Morningstar Value ETF.

iShares Morningstar Mid-Cap Value ETF (JKI) performed a ticker change to IMCV.

iShares Morningstar Large-Cap Growth ETF (JKE) performed a ticker change to ILCG and changed its corporate name to iShares Morningstar Growth ETF.

iShares Morningstar Large-Cap ETF (JKD) performed a ticker change to ILCB and changed its corporate name to iShares Morningstar U.S. Equity.

iShares Morningstar Mid-Cap ETF (JKG) performed a ticker change to IMCB.

iShares Morningstar Mid-Cap Growth ETF (JKH) performed a ticker change to IMCG.

iShares Morningstar Small-Cap ETF (JKJ) performed a ticker change to ISCB.

iShares Morningstar Small-Cap Growth ETF (JKK) performed a ticker change to ISCG.

iShares Morningstar Small-Cap Value ETF (JKL) performed a ticker change to ISCV.

March 19, 2021
China Distance Education Holdings Limited (DL) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Sundance Energy Australia Limited American Depositary Shares (SNDE) performed a ticker change to SNDEQ and was delisted to OTC.

Viela Bio, Inc.(VIE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $53.0000 per share in cash.

March 18, 2021
SPDR Series Trust SPDR Dorsey Wright Fixed Income Allocation ETF (DWFI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SPDR EURO STOXX Small Cap ETF (SMEZ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SPDR MFS Systematic Value Equity ETF of SSgA Active Trust (SYV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SPDR Solactive Germany ETF (ZDEU) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SPDR Solactive United Kingdom ETF (ZGBR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SPDR Solactive Japan ETF (ZJPN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SPDR Solactive Hong Kong ETF (ZHOK) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SPDR Solactive Canada ETF (ZCAN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SPDR MFS Systematic Growth Equity ETF of SSgA Active Trust (SYG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SPDR MFS Systematic Core Equity ETF of SSgA Active Trust (SYE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Ascena Retail Group (ASNAQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Copel (ELP) performed a 10 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 10 shares of ELP for every 1 share previously held.

Red Lion Hotels (RLH) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.50 per share in cash.

Roth CH Acquisition I Co. (ROCH) performed a ticker change to PCT, changed its corporate name to Purecycle Technologies Holding, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

March 17, 2021
Anchiano Therapeutics Ltd. (ANCN) changed its corporate name to Chemomab Therapeutics Ltd. and performed a ticker change to CMMB.

Anchiano Therapeutics Ltd. (ANCN) performed a 1 for 16 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ANCN for every 16 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

LSC COMMUNICATIONS INC (LKSDQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

QEP RESOURCES, INC. (QEP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0500 shares of FANG for each share of QEP previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

March 16, 2021
Viela Bio, Inc. (VIE) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Dorsey Wright MLP Index ETNs (BMLP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

March 15, 2021
Cambria Global Tail Risk ETF (SOVB) performed a ticker change to FAIL.

AGFiQ U.S. Market Neutral Momentum Fund (MOM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

AGFiQ Dynamic Hedged U.S. Equity ETF (USHG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

InterPrivate Acquisition Corp. (IPV) performed a ticker change to AEVA, changed its corporate name to Aeva Technologies, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Avalon Advanced Materials, Inc. (AVLNF) performed a ticker change to AVLND and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Varonis Systems, Inc. (VRNS) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of VRNS for every 1 share previously held.

Lee Enterprises, Inc. (LEE) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LEE for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

March 12, 2021
LSC COMMUNICATIONS INC (LKSDQ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

TESCO PLC American Depositary Receipts (LKSDQ) performed a ticker change to TSCDY.

Colonnade Acquisition Corp. (CLA) performed a ticker change to OUST, changed its corporate name to Ouster, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

NTT DOCOMO, Inc. American Depositary Receipts (DCMYY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $36.1920 per share in cash.

Oxford Immunotec Global PLC (OXFD) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.0000 per share in cash.

New Oriental Education and Technology Group, Inc. (EDU) performed a 10 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 10 shares of EDU for every 1 share previously held.

March 11, 2021
Cosan Limited (CZZ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.2940 new shares of CSAN for each old share of CZZ previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. American Depositary Shares (CRESY^) expired worthless.

LSC COMMUNICATIONS INC (LKSDQ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

March 10, 2021
NantKwest, Inc. (NK) performed a ticker change to IBRX, changed its corporate name to ImmunityBio, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

March 9, 2021
Dorsey Wright MLP Index ETNs (BMLP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

India Globalization Capital Inc. Warrant (IGCIW) expired worthless.

Oxford Immunotec Global PLC (OXFD) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

PICO Holdings, Inc. (PICO) performed a ticker change to VWTR, changed its corporate name to Vidler Water Resouces, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

CF Finance Acquisition Corp. (CFII) performed a ticker change to VIEW, changed its corporate name to View, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund (NJV) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8977 shares of NUW for each share of NJV previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Blackrock Municipal Bond Trust (BBK) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9670 shares of MHD for each share of BBK previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

BLACKROCK MUNICIPAL INCOME INVESTMENT QUALITY TRUST (BAF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8975 shares of MHD for each share of BAF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Duff & Phelps Utility & Corporate Bond Trust (DUC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0555 shares of DNP for each share of DUC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Nuveen California Municipal Value Fund 2 (NCB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.5173 shares of NCA for each share of NCB previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

BlackRock MuniHoldings Fund II (MUH) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9258 shares of MHD for each share of MUH previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Nuveen Pennsylvania Municipal Value Fund (NPN) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8750 shares of NUW for each share of NPN previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

BlackRock MuniHoldings Quality Fund (MUS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8161 shares of MHDfor each share of MUS previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

March 8, 2021
BLACKROCK MUNICIPAL INCOME INVESTMENT QUALITY TRUST (BAF) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Blackrock Municipal Bond Trust (BBK) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Cosan Limited (CZZ) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Duff & Phelps Utility & Corporate Bond Trust (DUC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Blackrock Muniholdings Fund II, Inc. (MUH) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

BLACKROCK MUNIHOLDINGS QUALITY FUND, INC. (MUS) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Nuveen California Municipal Value Fund 2 (NCB) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund (NJV) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Nuveen Pennsylvania Municipal Value Fund (NPN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Talos Energy, Inc. Warrants (TALO+) expired worthless.

Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao (CBD) performed a spinoff of ASAI. For every 1 share of CBD held, shareholders will receive 1 share of ASAI.

Ferguson (FERGY) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive .10 shares of FERG for each share of FERGY previously held.

March 5, 2021
Amphenol Corporation (APH) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of APH for every 1 share previously held.

PRGX Global, Inc. (PRGX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.7100 per share in cash.

TransEnterix, Inc. (TRXC) performed a ticker change to ASXC, changed its corporate name to Asensus Surgical, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

March 4, 2021
CounterPath (CPAH) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.49 per share in cash.

PRGX Global, Inc.(PRGX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

March 3, 2021
TC Pipelines (TCP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders received 0.7 shares of TRP for each share of TCP previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Euro Tech (CLWT) performed a 5 for 3 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares for every 3 shares previously held.

March 2, 2021
Direxion Daily Technology Bull 3x Shares (TECL) performed a 10 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 10 shares of TECL for every 1 share previously held.

Hawkins, Inc. (HWKN) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of HWKN for every 1 share previously held.

Direxion Daily S&P 500 High Beta Bull 3X Shares (HIBL) performed a 7 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 7 shares of HIBL for every 1 share previously held.

Direxion Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X Shares (SOXL) performed a 15 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 15 shares of SOXL for every 1 share previously held.

Direxion Daily Financial Bear 3x Shares (FAZ) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FAZ for every 8 shares previously held.

Direxion Daily Small Cap Bear 3x Shares (TZA) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1share of TZA for every 8 shares previously held.

APA Corporation (APA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Eaton Vance Corp.(EV) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $28.2500 and 0.5833 shares of MS for each share of EV previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Nuveen Municipal 2021 Target Term Fund (NHA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.7100 per share in cash.

March 1, 2021
Guardion Health Sciences, Inc. (GHSI) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GHSI for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

National Holdings Corporation (NHLD) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.2500 per share in cash.

Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. (MARA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Evolve Transition Infrastructure (SNMP) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

FT Cboe Vest S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats Target Income ETF (KNG) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

AMALGAMATED FINL CORP (AMAL) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

THIRD POINT REINSURANCE LTD. (TPRE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, performed a ticker change to SPNT, and changed its corporate name to SiriusPoint Ltd.

Switchback Energy Acquisition Corporation (SBE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, performed a ticker change to CHPT, and changed its corporate name to ChargePoint Holdings Inc.

Tengasco, Inc. (TGC) performed a ticker change to REPX and performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of REPX for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Sirius International (SG) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.743 shares of SPNT for each share of SG previously held. Additionally, shareholders will receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

CounterPath Corporation (CPAH) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Eaton Vance Corp. (EV) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Acacia Communications (ACIA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $115.00 per share in cash.

February 26, 2021
CGNT Contingent Value Right (CGNT^) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.0027 and 0.0068 shares of COGT for each share of CGNT^ previously held.

National Holdings Corporation (NHLD) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

February 25, 2021
Interpace Biosciences, Inc. (IDXG) was delisted to OTC.

Briggs & Stratton Corp. (BGGSQ) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and performed a ticker change to BGGSQ^.

ZAGG Inc. (ZAGG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.20 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Huami (HMI) performed a ticker change to ZEPP, changed its corporate name to Zepp Health Corp., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Sunesis (SNSS) performed a 2 for 7 reverse split and performed a ticker change to VIRX. This means shareholders will receive 2 shares of VIRX for every 7 shares of SNSS previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

February 24, 2021
Nuveen Municipal 2021 Target Term Fund (NHA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Talos Energy, Inc. Warrants (TALO+) expired worthless.

CGNT Contingent Value Right (CGNT^) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.00270789 and 0.00676747 shares of COGT for each share of CGNT^ previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

February 23, 2021
VIVUS (VVUSQ) was declared worthless after the company's bankruptcy.

ZAGG Inc. (ZAGG) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

February 22, 2021
Cellular Biomedicine Group, Inc. (CBMG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.7500 per share in cash.

National Beverage Corp. (FIZZ) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of FIZZ for every 1 share previously held.

PCF Rights (PCF^) expired worthless.

Conversion Labs, Inc. (CVLB) performed a ticker change to LFMD, changed its corporate name to LifeMD, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

China SXT Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SXTC) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SXTC for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

February 19, 2021
Chesapeake Energy (CHKAQ) was declared worthless after the company's bankruptcy.

February 18, 2021
OLD COPPER CO INC (CPPRQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Telenav, Inc. (TNAV) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.8000 per share in cash.

February 17, 2021
Exantas Capital Corp. (XAN) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XAN for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Exantas Capital Corp. (XAN) performed a ticker change to ACR.

Wyndham Destinations, Inc. (WYND) performed a ticker change to TNL, changed its corporate name to Travel + Leisure Co., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

February 16, 2021
INTERNET GOLD-GOLDEN LINES LTD (IGLDD) performed a ticker change to IGLDF.

eXp World Holdings, Inc. (EXPI) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of EXPI for every 1 shares previously held.

Tesco Plc Ord American Depositary Shares (TSCDY) performed a reorganization and ticker change. Shareholders received 0.78947368 shares of new ticker TSCDD, plus a CVR (TSCDY^), for each share of TSCDY currently held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in 1-2 weeks.

VYNE Therapeutics Inc. (VYNE) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VYNE for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Longview Acquisition Corp. (LGVW) performed a ticker change to BFLY, changed its corporate name to Butterfly Network, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

February 12, 2021
Virtusa Corporation (VRTU) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $51.3500 per share in cash.

MicroSectors FANG+ ETNs due January 8, 2038 (FNGS) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4shares of FNGS for every 1 share previously held.

MicroSectors FANG+ Index 3X Leveraged ETNs due January 8, 2038 (FNGU) performed a 10 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 10 shares of FNGU for every 1 share previously held.

MicroSectors FANG+ Index 2X Leveraged ETNs due January 8, 2038 (FNGO) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of FNGO for every 1 share previously held.

Tuesday Morning Corp. RIGHTS (TUESQ^) expired worthless.

February 11, 2021
Collectors Universe, Inc. (CLCT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $92.0000 per share in cash.

BioTelemetry, Inc. (BEAT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $72.0000 per share in cash.

Endurance International Group Holdings, Inc. (EIGI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.5000 per share in cash.

Panacea Acquisition Corp. (PANA) performed a ticker change to NUVB, changed its corporate name to Nuvation Bio Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. (MCAC) performed a ticker change to PLBY, changed its corporate name to PLBY Group, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

February 10, 2021
IQ Enhanced Core Plus Bond U.S. ETF (AGGP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.89876 per share in cash.

INSU Acquisition Corp. II (INAQ) performed a ticker change to MILE, changed its corporate name to Metromile, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

BioTelemetry, Inc. (BEAT) was delisted pending a stock merger. Details are still pending.

Therapix Biosciences Ltd American Depositary Receipts (TRPXY) performed a ticker change to SPRCY, and changed its corporate name to SciSparc Ltd. American Depositary Receipts.

February 9, 2021
BGSF, Inc. (BGSF) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

NOBLE CORP PLC (NEBLQ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0111 shares of NEBLQ+ for each share of NEBLQ previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded down/paid as cash in lieu.

CELLCOM ISRAEL LTD (CEL) performed a ticker change to CELJF.

Collectors Universe, Inc. (CLCT) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

CHESAPEAKE ENERGY CORP (CHKAQ) was suspended pending bankruptcy. Details are still pending.

February 8, 2021
YRC Worldwide, Inc. (YRCW) performed a ticker change to YELL, changed its corporate name to Yellow Corporation, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Scorpio Bulkers (SALT) performed a ticker change to NETI, changed its corporate name to Eneti Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

FS Development (FSDC) performed a ticker change to GMTX, changed its corporate name to Aslet Gemini Therapeutics Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Therapix Biosciences Ltd American Depositary Receipts (TRPXY) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

AdvisorShares Ranger Equity Bear (HDGE) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HDGE for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

OILD Escrow (OILD^) expired worthless.

February 5, 2021
APPROACH RES INC (AREXQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

CC Neuberger Principal Holdings I (PCPL) performed a ticker change to ETWO, changed its corporate name to E2open Parent Holdings, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

HF Enterprises Inc.(HFEN) performed a ticker change to AEI, changed its corporate name to Alset EHome International Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

AMCI Acquisition Corp.(AMCI) performed a ticker change to ADN, changed its corporate name to Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

February 4, 2021
SUPERIOR ENERGY SVCS INC. (SPNX) was delisted pending bankruptcy. Details are still pending.

Contura Energy, Inc. (CTRA) performed a ticker change to AMR, changed its corporate name to Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

February 3, 2021
First NBC Bank Holding Co. (FNBCQ) performed a ticker change to FNBCQ^, and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

February 2, 2021
Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) performed a spinoff of CGNT. For every 1 shares of VRNT held, shareholders will receive 1 shares of CGNT.

American International Group, Inc. (AIG+) warrants have expired worthless.

OLD COPPER CO INC (CPPRQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

February 1, 2021
AllianzGI Diversified Income & Convertible Fund (ACV) changed its corporate name to Virtus AllianzGI Diversified I and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

AllianzGI Equity & Convertible Income Fund (NIE) changed its corporate name to Virtus AllianzGI Equity & Convertible Income Fund and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

AllianzGI Convertible & Income Fund II (NCZ) changed its corporate name to Virtus AllianzGI Convertible & Income Fund II and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

AllianzGI Artificial Intelligence & Technology Opportunities Fund (AIO) changed its corporate name to Virtus AllianzGI Artificial Intelligence & Technology Opportunities Fund and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

AllianzGI Convertible & Income Fund (NCV) changed its corporate name to Virtus AllianzGI Convertible & Income Fund and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Common AllianzGI Convertible & Income 2024 Target Term Fund (CBH) changed its corporate name to Virtus AllianzGI Convertible & Income 2024 Target Term Fund and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

AllianzGI Dividend, Interest & Premium Strategy Fund (NFJ) changed its corporate name to Virtus Dividend, Interest & Premium Strategy Fund and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Clarivate Analytics Plc (CCC) performed a ticker change to CLVT, and changed its corporate name to Clarivate PLC.

Pacific Ethanol, Inc. (PEIX) performed a ticker change to ALTO, and changed its corporate name to Alto Ingredients, Inc.

Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) performed a ticker change to DCOM, changed its corporate name to Dime Community Bancshares, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Novus Capital Corporation (NOVS) performed a ticker change to APPH, changed its corporate name to AppHarvest, Inc., and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Norbord Inc. (OSB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6750 shares of WFG for each share of OSB previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Moleculin Biotech, Inc. (MBRX) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MBRX for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Foundation Building Materials, Inc. (FBM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.2500 per share in cash.

Acorn International, Inc. (ATV) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.9500 per share in cash.

Wanda Sports Group Company Limited American Depositary Shares (WSG) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6480 shares of DCOM for each share of BDGE previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

OLD COPPER CO INC (CPPRQ) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

West Fraser Timber Co. Ltd (WFTBF) performed a ticker change to WFG, and was re-listed from OTC to NYSE.

CTO Realty Growth, Inc. (CTO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

January 29, 2021
Foundation Building Materials, Inc. (FBM) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

TARONIS FUELS INC (TRNFD) performed a ticker change to TRNF.

FlexShares Currency Hedged Morningstar EM Factor Tilt Index Fund (TLEH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $33.6687 per share in cash.

FlexShares Currency Hedged Morningstar DM ex US Factor Tilt Index Fund (TLDH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.7375 per share in cash.

January 28, 2021
Life Storage, Inc. (LSI) performed a 1.5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1.5 shares of LSI for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

January 27, 2021
RTW RETAILWINDS INC (RTWIQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Eidos Therapeutics, Inc. (EIDX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.8500 shares of BBIO for each share of EIDX previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

January 26, 2021
First NBC Bank Holding Co. (FNBCQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Axon Enterprise, Inc.(AAXN) performed a ticker change to AXON.

American Renal Associates Holdings, Inc. (ARA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.5000 per share in cash.

Exela Technologies, Inc. (XELA) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XELA for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Prevail Therapeutics Inc.(PRVL) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $22.5000 and 1 shares of PRVL^ for each share of PRVL previously held.

Principal Active Global Dividend Income ETF (GDVD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.8388 per share in cash.

January 25, 2021
American Renal Associates Holdings, Inc. (ARA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Prevail Therapeutics Inc. (PRVL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

TECHNICAL COMMUNICATIONS CORP (TCCO) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

First NBC Bank Holding Co. (FNBCQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

January 22, 2021
Acamar Partners Acquisition Corp. (ACAM) changed its corporate name to CarLotz, Inc., performed a ticker change to LOTZ, and changed its CUSIP number.

Gores Holdings IV, Inc. (GHIV) changed its corporate name to UWM Holdings Corporation, performed a ticker change to UWMC, and changed its CUSIP number.

Lumen Technologies, Inc. (LUMN) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Mid-Con Energy Partners, LP (MCEP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.7500 shares of MCF for each share of MCEP previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

January 21, 2021
ProShares UltraPro Short Russell2000 (SRTY) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SRTY for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Financials (SKF) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SKF for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Utilities (SDP) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SDP for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraPro Short MidCap400 (SMDD) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SMDD for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Russell2000 (TWM) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TWM for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort MidCap400 (MZZ) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MZZ for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort SmallCap600 (SDD) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SDD for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Industrials (SIJ) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SIJ for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort QQQ (QID) performed a 1for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1s hare of QID for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraPro Short S&P 500 (SPXU) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SPXU for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

SL Green Realty Corp. (SLG) performed a 1 for 1.02918 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SLG for every 1.02918 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares Ultra Health Care (RXL) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of RXL for every 1 share previously held.

ProShares Ultra Health Care (TQQQ) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of TQQQ for every 1 share previously held.

SAExploration Holdings, Inc. (SAEXQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

SAExploration Series B (SSAEX+B) warrants have expired worthless.

SAExploration Series A (SAEX+A) warrants have expired worthless.

Community First Bancshares, Inc. Common Stock (CFBI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9069 shares of Affinity Bancshares, Inc. (AFBI) for each share of (CFBI) previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

The Peck Company Holdings, Inc. (PECK) performed a ticker change to ISUN, changed its CUSIP number, and changed its corporate name to iSun, Inc.

Oaktree Acquisition Corp. (OAC) performed a ticker change to HIMS, changed its CUSIP number, and changed its corporate name to Hims & Hers Health, Inc.

Yingli Green Energy Holding Company Limited American Depositary Receipts (YGEHYZZZ) performed a ticker change to YGENY and changed its CUSIP number.

January 20, 2021
Principal Active Global Dividend Income ETF (GDVD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Air T, Inc. (AIRTW) warrants have expired worthless.

Miragen Therapeutics, Inc. (MGEN) performed a ticker change to VRDN, changed its corporate name to Viridian Therapeutics, Inc., and changed its CUSIP number.

January 19, 2021
Ault Global Holdings, Inc. (DPW) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Pacific Drilling S.A. (PACDQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

CONCHO RESOURCES INC. (CXO) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.4600 shares of COP for each share of CXO previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

FIAT CHRYSLER AUTOMOBILES N.V. (FCAU) performed a ticker change to STLA, and changed its corporate name to Stellantis N.V.

Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY^) contingent value rights (CVR) expired worthless.

EXTRACTION OIL & GAS INC (XOGAQ) is pending bankruptcy, was delisted and distributed warrants. Shareholders will receive 0.01061331 Series A warrants, 0.00530666 Series B warrants, and 0.00131007 new shares of the post-bankruptcy company for each share currently held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Internet Gold Golden Lines Ltd. (IGLDF) performed a 1 for 250 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IGLDF for every 250 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if fraction is over 0.5 and rounded down if less than 0.5.

FlexShares Currency Hedged Morningstar EM Factor Tilt Index Fund (TLEH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

FlexShares Currency Hedged Morningstar DM ex US Factor Tilt Index Fund (TLDH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

January 15, 2021
Fitbit, Inc. (FIT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.3500 per share in cash.

CHRISTOPHER & BANKS CORP (CBKC) performed a ticker change to CBKCQ.

January 14, 2021
Pacific Ethanol, Inc. (PEIX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change, and changed its corporate name to Alto Ingredients Inc.

GNC HLDGS INC (GNCIQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

American International Group, Inc. (AIG+) warrants have expired worthless.

Fitbit, Inc. (FIT) was suspended pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

January 13, 2021
South Mountain Merger Corp. (SMMC) performed a ticker change to BTRS, and changed its corporate name to BTRS Holdings Inc.

PARSLEY ENERGY INC. (PE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1252 shares of PXD for each share of PE previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

January 12, 2021
FERRELLGAS PARTNERS LP Unit (FGPR) was delisted to OTC and performed a ticker change to FGPRQ.

Front Yard Residential Corporation (RESI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.2500 per share in cash.

January 11, 2021
Direxion Daily S&P 500 High Beta Bear 3X Shares (HIBS) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HIBS for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily S&P 500 Bear 3x Shares (SPXS) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SPXS for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Retail Bull 3X Shares (RETL) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of RETL for every 1 share previously held.

Direxion Daily Robotics, Artificial Intelligence & Automation Index Bull 2X Shares (UBOT) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of UBOT for every 1 share previously held.

Texas Pacific Land Trust (TPL) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation American Depositary Receipts (SMICY) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

January 8, 2021
PENNEY J C CORP INC (JCPNQ) performed a ticker change to CPPRQ, and changed its corporate name to OLD COPPER CO INC. The security was delisted to OTC.

Briggs & Stratton Corp. (BGGSQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Black Stallion Oil & Gas Inc. (BLKG) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

KemPharm, Inc. (KMPHD) performed a ticker change to KMPH.

LF Capital Acquistion Corp.(LFAC) performed a ticker change to LSEA, and changed its corporate name to Landsea Homes Corporation.

Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp.(IPOC) performed a ticker change to CLOV, and changed its corporate name to Clover Health Investments, Corp.

January 7, 2021
Tiffany & Co. (TIF) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $131.50 per share in cash.

Sage ESG Intermediate Credit ETF (GUDB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $49.1419 per share in cash.

COVIA HLDGS CORP (CVIAQ) expired worthless.

WPX Energy, Inc (WPX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5165 shares of DVN for each share of WPX previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

NEXTDECADE CORP Warrant (NEXTW) was delisted to OTC.

Briggs & Stratton Corp. (BGGSQ) was delisted pending bankruptcy. Details are still pending.

January 6, 2021
Megalith Financial Acquisition Corp. (MFAC) performed a ticker change to BMTX, and changed its corporate name to BM Technologies, Inc.

January 5, 2021
RTW RETAILWINDS INC (RTWIQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Tuesday Morning Corp. (TUESQ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 new share of TUEM for each share of TUESQ previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive potential future distributions.

Goldfield Corporation (GV) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.00 per share in cash.

Novus Therapeutics, Inc. (NVUS) performed a ticker change to ELDN, and changed its corporate name to Eledon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Megalith Financial Acquisition Corp. (MFAC) performed a ticker change to BMTX, and changed its corporate name to BM Technologies Inc.

January 4, 2021
Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. (ACOR) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ACOR for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

180 Degree Capital Corp. (TURN) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TURN for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Insignia Systems, Inc. (ISIG) performed a 1 for 7 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ISIG for every 7 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Helius Medical Technologies, Inc. (HSDT) performed a 1 for 35 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HSDT for every 35 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. (BMCH) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.3125 shares of BLDR for each share of BMCH previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

National General Holdings Corp. (NGHC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $34.50 per share in cash.

APPROACH RES INC. (AREXQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

COVIA HLDGS CORP (CVIAQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Pacific Drilling S.A. (PACDQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Digirad Corporation (DRAD) performed a ticker change to STRR, and changed its corporate name to Star Equity Holdings, Inc.

MEDLEY CAPITAL CORPORATION (MCC) performed a ticker change to PFX, and changed its corporate name to PhenixFIN Corporation.

Griffin Industrial Realty, Inc. (GRIF) performed a ticker change to INDT, and changed its corporate name to INDUS Realty Trust, Inc.

NOV Inc. (NOV) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Eco-Stim Energy Solutions (ESESQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

December 31, 2020
Ameri Holdings, Inc. (AMRH) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AMRH for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Ameri Holdings, Inc. (AMRH) performed a ticker change to ENVB, and changed its corporate name to Enveric Biosciences Inc.

Hexindai Inc. (HX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Tottenham Acquisition (TOTA) changed its corporate name to Clene Nanomedicine, Inc., performed a ticker change to CLNN, and changed its CUSIP number.

North Shore Dual Share Class ETF (DUAL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.4762 per share in cash.

PDL BioPharma, Inc. (PDLI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

COVIA HLDGS CORP (CVIAQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Pacific Drilling S.A. (PACDQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

December 30, 2020
TARONIS FUELS INC (TRNF) performed a 1 for 75 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TRNF for every 75 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

TARONIS FUELS INC (TRNF) performed a ticker change to TRNFD.

Castle AM & Co. (CTAM) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CTAM for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Castle AM & Co. (CTAM) performed a ticker change to CTAMD.

CONSOL Coal Resources LP (CCR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.73 shares of CEIX for each share of CCR previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

North Shore Dual Share Class ETF (DUAL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

AGFiQ U.S. Market Neutral Value Fund (CHEP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.8411 per share in cash.

Key Energy (KEG+A) warrants have expired worthless.

RMG Acquisition Corp. (RMG) performed a ticker change to RMO, changed its CUSIP number, and changed its corporate name to Romeo Power, Inc.

Live Oak Acquisition Corp. (LOAK) performed a ticker change to DNMR, changed its CUSIP number, and changed its corporate name to Danimer Scientific, Inc..

dMY Technology Group, Inc. (DMYT) performed a ticker change to RSI, changed its CUSIP number, and changed its corporate name to Rush Street Interactive, Inc.

Landcadia Holdings II, Inc. (LCA) performed a ticker change to GNOG, changed its CUSIP number, and changed its corporate name to Golden Nugget Online Gaming, Inc.

Proshares Hedged FTSE Europe ETF (HGEU) expired worthless.

ProShares UltraPro Short Financial Select Sector (FINZ^) expired worthless.

ProShares UltraShort Homebuilders & Supplies (HBZ) expired worthless.

ProShares UltraPro Financial Select Sector (FINU^) expired worthless.

ProShares UltraPro NASDAQ Biotechnology (ZBIO^) expired worthless.

ProShares Short KBW Regional Banking (KRS) expired worthless.

XCOM CVRs (XCOMZZZ) expired worthless.

Key Energy Warrant (KEG+A) expired worthless.

ProShares UltraShort Junior Gold Miners (GDJS) expired worthless.

ProShares Ultra Junior Miners (GDJJ) expired worthless.

ProShaes UltraShort Oil & Gas Exploration & Production (SOP) expired worthless.

ProShares Ultra Investment Grade Corporate (IGU) expired worthless.

ProShares Hedged FTSE Japan ETF (HGJP) expired worthless.

ProShares UltraPro Communication Services Select Sector (UCOM^) expired worthless.

ProShares Short Investment Grade Corporate (IGS) expired worthless.

ProShares UltraPro Short Communication Services Select Sector (SCOM^) expired worthless.

YCOM CVRs (YCOMZZZ) expired worthless.

ProShares Trust Proshares UltraPro Nasdaq (UBIO^) expired worthless.

December 29, 2020
Taubman Centers Inc. (TCO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $43.00 per share in cash.

Sage ESG Intermediate Credit ETF (GUDB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Great Elm Capital Group, Inc. (GEC) performed a ticker change to GEG and changed its corporate name to Great Elm Group, Inc.

December 28, 2020
KemPharm, Inc. (KMPH) performed a 1 for 16 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KMPH for every 16 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $56.00 per share in cash.

MVC Capital, Inc. (MVC) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.3949 and 0.9791 shares of BBDC for each share of MVC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Reed's, Inc. (REED+) warrants have expired worthless.

LINE Corporation (LN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Hunt Companies Finance Trust, Inc. (HCFT) performed a ticker change to LFT, and changed its corporate name to Lument Finance Trust, Inc.

KemPharm, Inc. (KMPH) performed a ticker change to KMPHD.

December 24, 2020
Blackrock Municipal 2020 Term Trust (BKK) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $14.6582 cash per each share of BKK previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Blackrock Florida Municipal 2020 Term Trust (BFO) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $14.2506 cash per each share of BFO previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Crossroads Capital, Inc. (XRDC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.1499 per share in cash.

Cloud Peak Energy, Inc. (CLDPQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

GenVec, Inc. (GNVC) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

MVC Capital, Inc. (MVC) was delisted pending a stock merger. Details are still pending.

FAT Brands Inc. (FAT) performed a spinoff of FATBP. For every 1 shares of FAT held, shareholders will receive 0.231999829248 shares of FATBP.

PropTech Acquisition Corp. (PTAC) performed a ticker change to PRCH, and changed its corporate name to Porch.com, Inc.

LifeSci Acquisition Corp. (LSAC) performed a ticker change to LSAC, and changed its corporate name to Vincera Pharma.

December 23, 2020
Proteostasis Therapeutics (PTI) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PTI for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

HEXO Corp. (HEXO) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HEXO for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

VanEck Vectors Coal ETF (KOL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $95.6383 per share in cash.

Monocle Acquisition Corporation (MNCL) performed a ticker change to ASLE and changed its corporate name to AerSale Corp.

Haymaker Acquisition Corp (HYAC) performed a ticker change to ARKO and changed its corporate name to ARKO Corp.

Proteostasis Therapeutics (PTI) performed a ticker change to YMTX and changed its corporate name to Yumanity Therapeutics, Inc.

December 22, 2020
Washington Prime Group (WPG) performed a 1 for 9 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WPG for every 9 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Hennessy Capital Acquisition (HCAC) performed a ticker change to GOEV, and changed its corporate name to Canoo Inc.

Kitov Pharmaceuticals (KTOV) performed a ticker change to PPBT, and changed its corporate name to Purple Biotech Ltd.

Pivotal Investment (PIC) performed a ticker change to XL, and changed its corporate name to XL Fleet.

TransAtlantic Petroleum (TAT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.13 per share in cash.

Perceptron (PRCP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.00 per share in cash.

SAExploration Holdings, Inc. (SAEXQ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Reliv' International, Inc. (RELV) was delisted. The company is planning to go private.

December 21, 2020
GCI Liberty, Inc. Class A Common Stock (GLIBA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders received .58 shares of LBRDK (Liberty Broadband Corporation Class C Common Stock) for each share of GLIBA currently held. Fractional shares resulting from the merger will be paid as cash in lieu.

UNIT Corporation (UNTCQ) is pending bankruptcy, was delisted and distributed warrants. Shareholders will receive 0.03460447 warrants (UNTCQ+). Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Tailored Brands (TLRDQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Social Capital Hedosophia (IPOB) performed a ticker change to OPEN, and changed its corporate name to Opendoor Labs Inc.

Investors Real Estate Trust (IRET) performed a ticker change to CSR, and changed its corporate name to Centerspace.

Simplicity Esports & Gaming Co. (WINRD) performed a ticker change to WINR.

GCI Liberty, Inc. Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (GLIBP) performed a ticker change to LBRDP, and changed its corporate name to Liberty Broadband Series A Preferred.

WisdomTree Enhanced Commodity Strategy Fund (GCC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

December 18, 2020
Schultze Special Purpose Acquisition (SAMA) performed a ticker change to CLVR, and changed its corporate name to Clever Leaves International Inc.

Principal Exchange-Traded Funds Principal U.S. Large-Cap Multi-Factor ETF (PLC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.2025010 per share in cash.

Principal Exchange-Traded Funds Principal U.S. Small-MidCap Multi-Factor ETF (PSM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $29.2884530 per share in cash.

Dunkin' Brands (DNKN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $106.50 per share in cash.

VEREIT (VER) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VER for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

iShares iBonds Dec 2020 Term Corporate ETF (IBDL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.202282 per share in cash.

TransAtlantic Petroleum LTD. (TAT) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

The following MicroSectors ETFs were delisted pending liquidation: NRGZ, KNAB, BNKO, BNKZ, NRGO, NRGZ, and YGRN.

SAExploration Holdings, Inc. (SAEXQ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

December 17, 2020
Endesa (EOCCY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Flying Eagle (FEAC) performed a ticker change to SKLZ, and changed its corporate name to Skillz.

Lilis Energy (LLEXQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

1347 Property Insurance Holdings, Inc. Common Stock (PIH) performed a ticker change to FGF, and changed its corporate name to FG Financial Group.

Opes Acquisition (OPES) performed a ticker change to BFI, and changed its corporate name to BurgerFi.

Stifel (SF) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of SYMBOL for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

XTNT Rights (XTNT^) rights expired worthless.

iPath Inverse US Treasury Composite (TAPR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.906188 per share in cash.

iPath Series B US Treasury 10-year Bear (BTYS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $40.3724 per share in cash.

December 16, 2020
K12, Inc. (LRN) changed its corporate name to Stride, Inc. and changed its CUSIP number.

Natixis Seeyond International Minimum Volatility ETF (MVIN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $41.28061547 per share in cash.

Blackrock Florida Municipal 2020 Term Trust (BFO) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Blackrock Municipal 2020 Term Trust (BKK) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Guggenheim BulletShares 2020 Corporate Bond ETF (BSCK) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Guggenheim BulletShares 2020 High Yield Corporate Bond ETF (BSJK) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares iBonds Dec 2020 Term Corporate ETF (IBDL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Dunkin' Brands (DNKN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 15, 2020
Tenzing Acquisition Corp. (TZAC) performed a name change and ticker change to Reviva Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RVPH).

Apartment Investment and Management (AIV) performed a spinoff of AIRC. For every 1 share of AIV held, shareholders will receive 1 share of AIRC.

Francesca's Holdings (FRAN) performed a ticker change to FRANQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

First Trust Value Line 100 ETF (FVL) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6622 shares of FVD for each share of FVL previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

First Trust Mega Cap AlphaDex ETF (FMK) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.5955 shares of EDOW for each share of FMK previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

VanEck Vectors Coal ETF (KOL) was delisted pending liquidation.

AAC Hldgs (AACH) was delisted pending liquidation.

Barclays ETN+ FI Enhanced Global (FIYY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $103.48110 per share in cash.

Barclays ETN+ FI Enhanced Europe 50 ETN Series B (FLEU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $131.8728 per share in cash.

Barclays ETN+ FI Enhanced Europe (FFEU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $91.159 per share in cash.

December 14, 2020
Capital Senior Living (CSU) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share(s) of CSU for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Brookfield Renewable (BEPC) performed a 1.5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1.5 shares of BEPC for every 1 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Brookfield Renewable (BEP) performed a 1.5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1.5 shares of BEP for every 1 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Perth Mint Physical Gold (AAAU) changed its corporate name to Goldman Sachs Physical Gold, and changed its CUSIP number.

Principal Exchange-Traded Funds Principal U.S. Large-Cap Multi-Factor ETF (PLC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Principal Exchange-Traded Funds Principal U.S. Small-MidCap Multi-Factor ETF (PSM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 11, 2020
Heat Biologics, Inc. (HTBX) performed a 1 for 7 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HTBX for every 7 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Rollins Inc (ROL) performed a 1.5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1.5 shares of ROL for every 1 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Libbey (LBYYQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Nuvectra Corp (NVTRQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Eco-Stim Energy Solutions (ESESQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Barclays ETN+ FI Enhanced Europe 50 ETN Series B (FLEU) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Barclays ETN+ FI Enhanced Global (FIYY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Barclays ETN+ FI Enhanced Europe (FFEU) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

HL Acquisitions (HCCH) performed a ticker change to c, and changed its corporate name to Fusion Fuel Green LTD.

December 10, 2020
Trine Acquisition Corp. (TRNE) performed a ticker change to DM, and changed its corporate name to Desktop Metal, Inc.

Broadvision Inc Escrow (BVSNQ^) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.42 per share in cash.

ETRACS UBS Bloomberg CMCI Gold ETN (UBG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $46.06290 per share in cash.

ETRACS UBS Bloomberg CMCI Food ETN (FUD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.02340 per share in cash.

ETRACS UBS Bloomberg CMCI Agriculture ETN (UAG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $46.06290 per share in cash.

ETRACS UBS Bloomberg CMCI Silver ETN (USV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.49900 per share in cash.

UBS AG ETRACS linked to Dow Jones UBS Commodity Index Total Return (DJCI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.77300 per share in cash.

ETRACS 2x Monthly Leveraged Wells Fargo Diversified Business Development Company Index (BDCY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.72990 per share in cash.

ETRACS Monthly Pay 2xLeveraged Wells Fargo MLP Ex-Energy (LMLB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.7379 per share in cash.

ETRACS UBS Bloomberg CMCI ETN (UCI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.53090 per share in cash.

December 9, 2020
EyePoint Pharmaceuticals (EYPT) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Aytu BioScience (AYTU) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

iPath Series B US Treasury 10-year Bear (BTYS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Inverse US Treasury Composite (TAPR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Natixis Seeyond International Minimum Volatility ETF (MVIN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 8, 2020
Neurotrope BioSciences (NBSI) changed its corporate name to SNPX, and changed its CUSIP number.

Lilis Energy (LLEXQ) was declared worthless after the company's bankruptcy.

December 7, 2020
Biospecifics Technologies Corp. (BSTC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $88.50 per share in cash.

iShares Dow Jones US Consumer Services Sector ETF (IYC) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of IYC for every 1 share previously held.

iShares MSCI USA ESG Select Social Index Fund (SUSA) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SUSA for every 1 share previously held.

iShares US Utilities ETF (IDU) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of IDU for every 1 share previously held.

iShares Russell Midcap Growth Index Fund (IWP) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of IWP for every 1 share previously held.

iShares Dow Jones US Financials ETF (IYF) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of IYF for every 1 share previously held.

iShares Dow Jones US Aerospace & Defense ETF (ITA) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of ITA for every 1 share previously held.

iShares Dow Jones US ETF (IYY) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of IYY for every 1 share previously held.

iShares MSCI KLD 400 Social ETF (DSI) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of DSI for every 1 share previously held.

iShares Cohen & Steers Realty Majors ETF (ICF) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of ICF for every 1 share previously held.

iShares US Industrials ETF (IYJ) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of IYJ for every 1 share previously held.

iShares Dow Jones Technology Sector ETF (IYW) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of IYW for every 1 share previously held.

December 4, 2020
OncoMed Pharma (OMED^) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Baytex (BTE) was suspended.

December 3, 2020
Gores Metropoulos, Inc. (GMHI) performed a ticker change to LAZR, and changed its corporate name to Luminar Technologies

Gores Metropoulos, Inc. (GMHI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change. The new shares of LAZR are now tradeable on Robinhood.

General Moly (GMOL) performed a ticker change to GMOLQ.

BioSpecifics Technologies (BSTC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Nabriva Therapeutics (NBRV) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

HCHC Rights (HCHC^) rights expired worthless.

Tailored Brands (TLRDQ) was delisted pending liquidation.

December 2, 2020
Viveve Medical (VIVE) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VIVE for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Hudson Group (HUD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.70 per share in cash.

Sun BioPharma (SNBP) performed a ticker change to PBLA, and changed its corporate name to Panbela Therapeutics.

Sun BioPharma (SNBP) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change. The new shares of PBLA are now tradeable on Robinhood.

Neurotrope, Inc. (NTRP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders received .20 shares of Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc (PTPI) for each share of NTRP currently held. Fractional shares resulting from the merger will be paid as cash in lieu.

Global Blockchain Mining (GBCHF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Seadrill Partners LLC Unit Repstg Ltd Liability Co Int (SDLPF) performed a ticker change to SDLPQ.

December 1, 2020
Wrap Technologies, Inc. (WRTC) performed a ticker change to WRAP.

McCormick (MKCV) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of MKCV for every 1 shares previously held.

McCormick (MKC) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of MKC for every 1 shares previously held.

MobileIron (MOBL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.05 per share in cash.

Synnex Corporation (SNX) performed a spinoff of Concentrix Corp (CNXC). For every one share of SNX held, shareholders will receive one share of CNXC.

PROG Holders (PRG) performed a spinoff of Aaron's (AAN). For each share of PRG held, shareholders will receive 0.5 shares of AAN.

Aaron's (AAN) performed a ticker change to PRG, and changed its corporate name to PROG Holdings, Inc.

Aimco (AIV) performed a 1 for 1.23821 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AIV for every 1.2382 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

NCS Multistage Holdings, Inc. (NCSM) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NCSM for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Titan Pharmaceuticals (TTNP) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TTNP for every 30 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

November 30, 2020
Unilever (UN) performed a ticker change to UL.

Hancock Jaffe Laboratories Inc. (HJLI) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HJLI for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

November 27, 2020
HI-CRUSH INC (HCRSQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

RiverNorth Opportunities Fund (RIV^) rights expired worthless.

Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. (KCAC) performed a ticker change to QS, and changed its corporate name to QUANTUMSCAPE CORP.

Cedar Realty Trust, Inc (CDR) performed a 1 for 6.6 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CDR for every 6.6 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Dolphin Entertainment, Inc. (DLPN) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CDR for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if fraction is over 0.5 and rounded down if less than 0.5.

UBS ETRACS Alerian MLP Infrastructure ETN (MLPI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.2685 in cash.

Cogentix Medical Contingent Value Right (CGNT^) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0226 new shares of COGT for each old share of CGNT^ previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

TigerShares Trust UP Fintech China-U.S. Internet Titans ETF (TTTN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive 3 separate payments of $6.73732, $4.00019 and $33.00847 per share in cash.

November 25, 2020
Fuling Global (FORK) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.35 per share in cash.

BS ETRACS Alerian MLP Infrastructure ETN (MLPI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.2685 per share in cash.

November 24, 2020
ETRACS Monthly Pay 2xLeveraged S&P Dividend ETN (SDYL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $85.6837 in cash.

ETRACS Alerian MLP Index ETN (AMU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.4378 in cash.

UBS AG ETRACS linked to Alerian Natural Gas MLP Index 2040 (MLPG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.9626 in cash.

UBS ETRACS Alerian MLP Infrastructure ETN (MLPI) was suspended pending liquidation. Details are still pending.

Kitov Pharma Ltd. Warrants (KTOVW) have expired worthless.

CVR Partners LP (UAN) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of UAN for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if fraction is over 0.5 and rounded down if less than 0.5.

Tempur Sealy (TPX) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of TPX for every 1 share previously held.

November 23, 2020
Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals (SBPH) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to FSTX. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FSTX for every 4 shares of SBPH previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Enservco (ENSV) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ENSV for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

HTG Molecular (HTGM) performed a 1 for 15 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HTGM for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Jason Inds (JASNQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Western Asset Variable Rate Strategic Fund (GFY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Western Asset Corporate Loan Fund (TLI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Telefonica Brasil (VIV) was delisted. Details are still pending.

ETRACS Monthly Pay 2xLeveraged S&P Dividend ETN (SDYL) was suspended. Details are still pending.

Carter Bank (CARE) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Reality Shares DIVCON Leaders Dividend ETF (LEAD) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Reality Shares Nasdaq NextGen Economy (BLCN) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Reality Shares DIVCON Dividend Defender ETF (DFND) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Legacy Acquisition (LGC) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change. The new shares of ID are now tradeable on Robinhood.

November 20, 2020
BIO-key (BKYI) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BKYI for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Civeo (CVEO) performed a 1 for 12 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CVEO for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Oasis Petroleum (OASPQ) performed a reorganization following its bankruptcy. Shareholders will receive 0.00506285 warrants for each share previously held.

Simplicity Esports & Gaming (WINR) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to WINRD. Shareholders will now hold 1 share(s) of WINRD for every 8 shares of WINR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

FTS International (FTSI) performed a reorganization following its bankruptcy. Shareholders will receive 0.23850265 of FTSI for each share of FTSI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the reorganization will be paid as cash. Holders will also receive 0.28291882 Tranche 1 Warrants (FTSI+) and 0.70729704 Tranche 2 Warrant (FTSIWS) for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares of the warrants will be dropped.

November 19, 2020
TigerShares Trust UP Fintech China-U.S. Internet Titans ETF (TTTN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

X Financial (XYF) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XYF for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Retrophin (RTRX) performed a name change and ticker change to Travere Thereapeutics Inc. (TVTX).

PERS Exchange Offer Terminated: The Voluntary Exchange Offer for PERS (SANDRIDGE PERMIAN TRUST) was terminated by the company. Your position has been unblocked and you are free to trade PERS normally. If you have any questions, please reach out to PERS Investor Relations via their website.

MyoKardia (MYOK) performed a liquidation at $225.00 per share. This means your shares were removed and you were credited $225.00 per share to your Robinhood account.

November 18, 2020
CF Finance Acquisition (CFFA) performed a name change and ticker change to GCM Grosvenor Management, LLC (GCMG).

CF Finance Acquisition Warrants (CFFAW) performed a name change and ticker change to GCM Grosvenor Management, LLC Warrants (GCMGW).

Collaborative Investment Series Trust Tactical Income (TBND) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.4676 per share in cash.

Fortress Value (FVAC) performed a name change and ticker change to MP Materials Corp (MP).

Seventy Seven Energy (SSEIQ) was deemed worthless after the company's bankruptcy. This means that your shares have been removed and there will be no future distributions. For more information, we would suggest contacting SSEIQ's investor relations team.

MYOS RENS Technology (MYOS) performed a 1 for 12 reverse split and changed its name to MedAvail Holdings (MDVL). This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MDVL for every 12 MYOS shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Sit Rising Rate ETF (RISE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.9266 per share in cash.

Yintech Investment (YIN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.25 per share in cash.

Orisun (ORSN) performed a name change and ticker change to Ucommune International (UK).

MyoKardia (MYOK) was suspended pending liquidation. Details are still pending.

November 17, 2020
Mylan (MYL) performed a name change and ticker change to Viatris Inc (VTRS).

Pfizer (PFE) performed a spin-off. Shareholders received 0.1240788849 shares of Viatris Inc (VTRS) for each share of PFE currently held. Fractional shares resulting from the spin-off will be paid as cash in 1-2 weeks.

Ra Medical Systems, Inc (RMED) performed a 1 for 25 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RMED for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

B. Riley Principal Merger Corp. II (BMRG) performed a name change and ticker change to Eos Energy Storage LLC (EOSE).

Daqo New Energy (DQ) performed a 5 for 1 forward split.This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares for every 1 share previously held.

Libbey (LBYYQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

AMAG Pharmaceuticals(AMAG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.75 per share in cash.

CI Financial (CIFAF) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change (new ticker CIXX) and was re-listed from OTC to NYSE.

November 16, 2020
Hebron Technology Co (HEBT) performed a name change and ticker change to Nisun International Enterprise Development Group (NISN).

Arrow QVM Equity Factor ETF (QVM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.5559 per share in cash.

Pier 1 Imports (PIRRQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Havilah Mining (HAVXF) performed a ticker change to AUMBF, and changed its corporate name to 1911 Gold Corp Ordinary Shares.

SANDRIDGE MISSISSIPPIAN TR II Common Units representing Beneficial Interests (SDRMU) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

November 13, 2020
Miragen Therapeutics (MGEN) performed a 1 for 15 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MGEN for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Axovant Gene Therapies (AXGT) performed a name change and ticker change to Sio Gene Therapies (SIOX)

Wright Medical (WMGI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.90 per share in cash.

Montage Resources (MR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Collaborative Investment Series Trust Tactical Income (TBND) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

November 12, 2020
Grana y Montero (GRAM) performed a ticker change to AENZ, and changed its corporate name to Aenza.

Edison Nation, Inc. (EDNT) performed a ticker change to BBIG, and changed its corporate name to Vinco Ventures, Inc.

Precision Drilling (PDS) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PDS for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Therapix Biosciences (TRPXD) performed a ticker change to TRPXY.

Wright Medical (WMGI) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

November 11, 2020
Netfin Acquisition (NFIN) performed a ticker change to TRIT, and changed its corporate name to Triterras.

Simply (AWSMD) performed a ticker change to SIMP.

November 10, 2020
Goldman Sachs Manufacturing Revolution (GMAN) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.55435137 shares of GINN (Goldman Sachs Innovate Equity ETF) for each share of GMAN previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Goldman Sachs Finance Reimagined (GFIN) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.33752169 shares of GINN (Goldman Sachs Innovate Equity ETF) for each share of GFIN currently held. Fractional shares resulting from the merger will be paid as cash in 1-2 weeks.

Goldman Sachs Data-Driven World (GDAT) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.45226997 shares of GINN (Goldman Sachs Innovate Equity ETF) for each share of GDAT previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

J.Jill, Inc (JILL) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Summit Midstream (SMLP) performed a 1 for 15 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if fraction is over 0.5 and rounded down if less than 0.5.

Forum Energy Technologies (FET) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Goldman Sachs New Age Consumer (GBUY) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.8230925 shares of GINN (Goldman Sachs Innovate Equity ETF) for each share of GBUY previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Goldman Sachs Human Evolution (GDNA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.36625373 shares of GINN (Goldman Sachs Innovate Equity ETF) for each share of GDNA previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Sharing Economy Int'l (SEIID) performed a ticker change to SEII.

Arrow QVM Equity Factor ETF (QVM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Newgioco Group (NWGI) performed a ticker change to ELYS, and changed its corporate name to Elys Game Technology.

November 9, 2020
Duff & Phelps Select MLP and Midstream Energy Fund Inc. (DSE) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DSE for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

KBL Merger (KBLM) performed a name change and ticker change to 180 Life Sciences Corp (ATNF).

Jernigan Capital (JCAP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.30 per share in cash.

Bitauto Holdings (BITA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.95 per share in cash.

WidePoint (WYY) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WYY for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Cogent Biosciences (COGT) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of COGT for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Twin River Worldwide (TRWH) performed a name change and ticker change to Bally's Corporation (BALY).

Goldman Sachs Data-Driven World ETF (GDAT) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Goldman Sachs Finance Reimagined ETF (GFIN) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Goldman Sachs Human Evolution ETF (GDNA) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Goldman Sachs Manufacturing Revolution ETF (GMAN) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Goldman Sachs New Age Consumer ETF (GBUY) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

November 6, 2020
Rexahn Pharmaceuticals (REXN) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split and changed its ticker symbol to OCUP (Ocuphire Pharma). This means shareholders will now hold 1 shares of OCUP for every 4 shares of REXN previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu. Additionally, shareholders will receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones. Fractional shares will not be paid on the CVR.

Continental Materials (CUO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.50 per share in cash.

Jernigan Capital (JCAP) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

RiverNorth Opportunities Fund (RIV^) rights are no longer trading. The last day to exercise is today.

November 5, 2020
Apex Global Brands (APEX) was delisted to OTC.

Bitauto Holdings (BITA) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Greenpro Capital (GRNQ) performed a spinoff of DQWSZZZ. For every 2 shares of GRNQ held, shareholders will receive 1 share of DQWSZZZ.

November 4, 2020
California Resources (CRCQQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

CBL & Associates (CBL) performed a ticker change to CBLAQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

VelocityShares Daily 4X Long USD vs AUD (DAUD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.187782 per share in cash.

VelocityShares Daily 4X Long USD vs CHF (DCHF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.90329 per share in cash.

VelocityShares Daily 4X Long EUR vs USD (UEUR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.58845 per share in cash.

VelocityShares Daily 4X Long AUD vs USD (UAUD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.1815 per share in cash.

VelocityShares Daily 4X Long GBP vs USD (UGBP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.78261 per share in cash.

VelocityShares Daily 4X Long USD vs EUR (DEUR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.37525 per share in cash.

VelocityShares Daily 4X Long JPY vs USD (UJPY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.42528 per share in cash.

VelocityShares Daily 4X Long USD vs JPY (DJPY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.37453 per share in cash.

VelocityShares Daily 4X Long USD vs GBP (DGBP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.83315 per share in cash.

VelocityShares Daily 4X Long CHF vs USD (UCHF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.70935 per share in cash.

November 3, 2020
First Trust Australia AlphaDex Fund (FAUS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.5615 shares of FDT for each share of FAUS previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

First Trust Hong Kong AlphaDex fund (FHK) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.7174 shares of FDT for each share of FHK previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

First Trust South Korea AlphaDEX Fund (FKO) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4240 shares of FDT for each share of FKO previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

First Trust Canada AlphaDex (FCAN) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4287 shares of FDT for each share of FCAN previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

GNC (GNCIQ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Stage Stores Inc (SSINQ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

November 2, 2020
Medley Management (MDLY) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MDLY for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Performance Shipping (PSHG) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PSHG for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Livongo (LVGO) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $4.24 and 0.592 shares of TDOC for each share of LVGO previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Gadsden Dynamic Multi-Asset ETF (GDMA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Healthcare Merger Corp (HCCO) performed a name change and ticker change to SOC Telemed (TLMD).

Altaba Inc Escrow (AABAZZ) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $$8.33 cash per each share of AABAZZ previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP (AABAZZ), which represents the right to receive future distributions.

AdvisorShares Vice ETF (ACT) performed a ticker change to VICE.

First Trust Australia AlphaDEX Fund (FAUS) was delisted pending a fund merger. Details are still pending.

First Trust South Korea AlphaDEX Fund (FKO) was delisted pending a fund merger. Details are still pending.

First Trust Canada AlphaDex Fund (FCAN) was delisted pending a fund merger. Details are still pending.

First Trust Hong Kong AlphaDex (FHK) was delisted pending a fund merger. Details are still pending.

C-Tracks ETN on Miller/Howard Fundamental MLP Index Series B (MLPW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

The following VelocityShares ETFs were delisted pending liquidation: DAUD, DCHF, DEUR, DJPY, UEUR, UGBP and UJPY.

Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund (JHY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.5292 per share in cash.

October 30, 2020
Pacific Global International Equity Income (IDY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.3041 per share in cash.

Pacific Global US Equity Income (USDY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.0764 per share in cash.

Jianpu Technology (JT) performed a 1 for 8 reverse splitThis means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JT for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

HighPoint Resources (HPR) performed a 1 for 50 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HPR for every 50 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Advanced Disposal (ADSW) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.30 per share in cash.

Spartan Energy Acquisition Corp (SPAQ) performed a ticker change to FSR, and changed its corporate name to Fisker Inc.

Intec Pharma (NTEC) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NTEC for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Hertz Global Holdings (HTZ) performed a ticker change to HTZGQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

October 29, 2020
Conyers Park II Acquisition Corp (CPAA) performed a ticker change to ADV, and changed its corporate name to Advantage Solutions Inc.

Hudson Capital (HUSN) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HUSN for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Garrison Capital Inc. (GARS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.91693999 shares of PTMN (Portman Ridge Finance) for each share of GARS previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

California Res (CRCQQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

October 28, 2020
Immunomedics (IMMU) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $88.00 per share in cash.

ARYA Sciences (ARYB) performed a ticker change to CERE, and changed its corporate name to Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.

October 27, 2020
NextEra Energy (NEE) performed a 4 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of NEE for every 1 share previously held.

Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund (JHY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

October 26, 2020
Lianluo (LLIT) performed a 1 for 8 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LLIT for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Turquoise Hill Resources (TRQ) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TRQ for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

DiamondPeak Holdings (DPHC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 shares of RIDE (Lordstown Motors Corp) for each share of DPHC previously held.

North Atlantic Drilling Ltd. Common Stock (NADLQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Panhandle Oil and Gas Inc. (PHX) changed its corporate name to PHX Minerals Inc., and changed its CUSIP number.

Arlington Asset Investment Corp. (AI) performed a ticker change to AAIC.

Immunomedics (IMMU) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Pacific US Equity Income ETF (USDY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Pacific Global International Equity Income ETF (IDY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

October 23, 2020
Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares (ZMLP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $53.16667 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Communication Services Index Bear 3X Shares (MUTE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $45.89059 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Consumer Discretionary Bear 3X Shares (PASS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $37.60613 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X shares (JPNL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $50.95267 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Consumer Staples Bull 3X Shares (NEED) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $32.23859 per share in cash.

Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares ETF (KNOW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $35.81495 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Communication Services Index (TAWK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $42.16372 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull ETF (DZK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $44.58239 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Consumer Staples Bear 3X Shares (LACK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.81682 per share in cash.

October 22, 2020
USCF SummerHaven SHPEI Index Fund (BUY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.3825 per share in cash.

TuanChe (TC) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TC for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

October 21, 2020
Globus Maritime (GLBS) performed a 1 for 100 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GLBS for every 100 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Principia Biopharma (PRNB) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $100.00 per share in cash.

Enzon Pharmaceutical (ENZN^) rights expired worthless.

October 19, 2020
WisdomTree China ex-State-Owned Enterprise Fund (CXSE) performed a 2 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of CXSE for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

iShares S&P Mid-Cap 400 Value ETF (IJJ) performed a 2 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of IJJ for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

iShares S&P SmallCap 600 Value ETF (IJS) performed a 2 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of IJS for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Rosetta Stone (RST) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.00 per share in cash.

iShares S&P SmallCap 600 Growth ETF (IJT) performed a 2 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of IJT for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

iShares S&P Mid Cap 400 Growth Index Fund (IJK) performed a 4 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of IJK for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

iShares S&P 500 Growth Fund (IVW) performed a 4 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of IVW for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Ultra Petroleum (UPLCQ) was deemed worthless after the company's bankruptcy. This means that your shares have been removed and there will be no future distributions. For more information, we would suggest contacting UPLCQ's investor relations team.

Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

FinTech Acquisition Corp. III (FTAC) performed a ticker change to PAYA, and changed its corporate name to Paya Holdings.

FinTech Acquisition Corp. III Warrant (FTACW) performed a ticker change to PAYAW, and changed its corporate name to Paya Holdings Warrant.

Abraxas Petroleum (AXAS) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AXZA for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

The9 (NCTY) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NCTY for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Therapix Biosciences (TRPXY) performed a 1 for 70 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TRPXY for every 70 hares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

CHF Solutions (CHFS) performed a 1 for 30 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CHFS for every 30 hares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

The following Direxion ETFs were delisted pending liquidation: DZK, JPNL, KNOW, LACK, MUTE, NEED, PASS, TAWK and ZMLP.

Yingli Green Energy Holding Company Limited American Depositary Receipts (YGEHY) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Westell Technologies (WSTL) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

October 16, 2020
Chaparral Energy (CHAPQ) performed a reorganization following its bankruptcy. Shareholders will receive $0.02611491 per share, along with 0.00267336 Series A warrants and 0.00267333 Series B warrants.

Sky Solar Holdings (SKYS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.95 per share in cash.

Forum Merger II (FMCI) performed a ticker change to TTCF, and changed its corporate name to Tattooed Chef.

TIM Participacoes S.A. (TSU) performed a ticker change to TIMB, and changed its corporate name to TIM S.A.

YogaWork (YOGA) performed a ticker change to YOGAQ.

Emergent Capital (EMGC) performed a ticker change to EMGCQ.

October 15, 2020
Akcea Therapeutics (AKCA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.15 per share in cash.

Majesco (MJCO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16 per share in cash.

Insurance Acquisition Corp (INSU) performed a ticker change to SFT, and changed its corporate name to Shift Technologies.

Golden Bull Limited Ordinary Shares (BTBT) changed its corporate name to Bit Digital, and changed its CUSIP number.

China Ceramics (CCCL) performed a ticker change to AEHL, and changed its corporate name to Antelope Enterprise Holdings.

Software Acquisition Group (SAQN) performed a ticker change to CURI, and changed its corporate name to CuriosityStream.

Chaparral Energy (CHAPQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Rosetta Stone (RST) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

October 14, 2020
Aimmune Therapeutics (AIMT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $34.50 per share in cash.

RiverNorth/DoubleLine Strategic Opportunity Fund (OPP^) rights expired worthless.

ChinaNet (CNET) changed its corporate name to ZW Data Action Technologies, and changed its CUSIP number.

Cool Holdings (AWSM) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to AWSMD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AWSMD for every 10 shares of AWSM previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

OnDeck Capital (ONDK) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.12 and 0.092 shares of ENVA for each share of ONDK previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Centric Brands (CTRCQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Pier 1 Imports (PIRRQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

USCF SummerHaven SHPEI Index Fund (BUY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

October 13, 2020
Rush Enterprises, Inc. Common Stock Cl A (RUSHA) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of RUSHA for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Rush Enterprises, Inc. Class B (RUSHB) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of RUSHB for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Sharing Economy Int'l (SEII) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to SEIID. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SEIID for every 50 shares of SEII previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Unum Therapeutics Contingent Value Right (UMRX^) performed a ticker change to CGNT^, and changed its name to Cogentix Medical Contingent Value Right.

Central European Media Enterprises (CETV) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.58 per share in cash.

UltraShort Communication Services Select Sector (YCOM) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $15.1415 cash per each share of YCOM previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

ProShares Ultra Communication Services Select Sector (XCOM) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $62.4594 cash per each share of XCOM previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

MannKind Corporation Common Stock (MNK) performed a ticker change to MNKKQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Akcea Therapeutics (AKCA) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Immunocellular Therapeutics (IMUCD) performed a ticker change to IMUC.

TIM Participacoes S.A. (TSU) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

OnDeck Capital (ONDK) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

October 12, 2020
MicroSectors US Big Oil 3x Leveraged ETN (NRGU) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NRGU for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Auryn Resources (AUG) performed a reorganization. Shareholders will receive 0.67562678 shares of FURY (Fury Gold Mines Limited), 1 AUG-S (SpinCo Sombrero) and 1 AUG-C (Spinco Curibaya) for each share of AUG previously held.

Oasis Petroleum (OAS) performed a ticker change to OASPQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Lonestar Resources (LONE) performed a ticker change to LONEQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Sky Solar Holdings (SKYS) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

October 9, 2020
Churchill Capital (CCXX) performed a ticker change to MPLN, and changed its corporate name to MultiPlan Corp.

Daiichi Sankyo (DSNKY) performed a 3 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of DSNKY for every 1 share previously held.

Seattle Genetics (SGEN) changed its corporate name to Seagen, and changed its CUSIP number.

Fortive (FTV) performed a spin-off of VNT. For every 1 share of FTV held, shareholders will receive 0.4 shares of VNT.

Dividend and Income Fund (DNI) performed a ticker change to DNIF. The security was delisted to OTC.

Sito Mobile (SITO) performed a ticker change to SITOQ.

October 8, 2020
Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc (HOSSQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Vivint Solar, Inc. (VSLR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders received 0.55 shares of Sunrun Inc. (RUN) for each share of VSLR previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

October 7, 2020
DXI Capital Corp Common Shares (DXIED) performed a ticker change to DXIEF.

October 6, 2020
Noble Energy (NBL) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1191 shares of CVX for each share of NBL previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Aduro Biotech, Inc. (ADRO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change. The new shares of KDNY are now tradeable on Robinhood.

TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0837 shares of SCHW for each share of AMTD previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MNTA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $52.50 per share in cash.

P.H. Glatfelter Company (GLT) changed its corporate name to Glatfelter Corporation.

Great Elm Capital (GECC^) rights expired worthless.

Liberty Latin America Ltd. Subscription Rights (LILAR) expired worthless.

Unum Therapeutics Inc. (UMRX) changed its corporate name to Cogent Biosciences and performed a 1:1 CUSIP change. The new shares of COGT are now tradeable on Robinhood.

October 5, 2020
Zomedica Pharmaceuticals (ZOM) changed its corporate name to Zomedica Corp, and changed its CUSIP number.

ServiceMaster Global Holdings, Inc. (SERV) performed a ticker change to TMX, and changed its corporate name to Terminix Global Holdings, Inc.

Delphi Technologies (DLPH) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4307 shares of BWA (BorgWarner Inc) for each share of DLPH previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Novus Therapeutics (NVUS) performed a 1 for 18 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NVUS for every 18 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

October 2, 2020
EP Energy Corp Class A Common Stock (EPEGQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.0012 per share in cash.

Direxion Russell Large Over Small Cap ETF (RWLS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $70.8106 per share in cash.

Direxion MSCI Developed Over Emerging Markets ETF (RWDE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $51.7057 per share in cash.

PortfolioPlus S&P 500 ETF (PPLC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $44.9466 per share in cash.

Russell US Over International (RWUI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $68.8190 per share in cash.

PortfolioPlus S&P Small Cap (PPSC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.4966 per share in cash.

Direxion MSCI Emerging Over Developed Markets ETF (RWED) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $51.8900 per share in cash.

ETRADE (ETFC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0432 shares of MS (Morgan Stanley) for each share of ETFC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Salt Low truBeta US Market ETF (LSLT) changed its corporate name to Pacer Salt Low truBeta US Market ETF, and changed its CUSIP number.

Aduro Biotech (ADRO) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ADRO for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Westell Technologies (WSTL) performed a reorganization. Shareholders will receive 1 share of WSTLZZZ (Westell Technologies Contra) for each share of WSTL previously held.

Just Energy (JE^) rights expired worthless.

NetEase, Inc (NTES) performed a 5 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now have 5 shares for every 1 share previously held.

Salt High truBeta US Market ETF (SLT) changed its corporate name to Pacer Salt High truBeta US Market ETF, and changed its CUSIP number.

PDL BioPharma (PDLI) performed a spin-off of LNSR. For every 1 shares of PDLI held, shareholders will receive 0.075879 shares of LNSR.

Tortoise Acquisition Corp (SHLL) performed a ticker change to HYLN, and changed its corporate name Hyliion Holdings Corp.

Direxion MSCI Defensives Over Cyclicals (RWDC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $46.9855 per share in cash.

Small Over Large Cap (RWSL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $45.2783 per share in cash.

Direxion FTSE Russell International Over US ETF (RWIU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $47.8472 per share in cash.

Direxion MSCI Cyclicals Over Defensives ETF (RWCD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $77.1132 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1x Shares ETF (TYBS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.8427 per share in cash.

PortfolioPlus Emerging Markets ETF (PPEM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.7050 per share in cash.

PortfolioPlus S&P Mid Cap ETF (PPMC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.0925 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Small Cap Bull 2X Shares (SMLL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $35.0032 per share in cash.

PortfolioPlus Developed Markets ETF (PPDM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.2117 per share in cash.

Delphi Technologies (DLPH) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

General Moly (GMO) performed a ticker change to GMOL. The security was delisted to OTC.

IPic Entertainment (IPICQ) performed a ticker change to IPIC.

Momenta Pharmaceuticals (MNTA) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

ProShares Ultra Communication Services Select Secto (XCOM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

UltraShort Communication Services Select Sector (YCOM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

October 1, 2020
Cabot Microelectronics (CCMP) changed its corporate name to CMC Materials, and changed its CUSIP number.

Ampco (AP^) rights expired worthless.

BBX Capital (BBX) performed a spinoff of BBXIA. For every 1 shares of BBX held, shareholders will receive 1 share of BBXIA.

BBX Capital (BBX) performed a ticker change to BVH, and changed its corporate name to Bluegreen Vacations.

Craft Brew Alliance (BREW) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.50 per share in cash.

InnerWorkings (INWK) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.00 per share in cash.

8i Enterprises Acquisition (JFK) performed a ticker change to EQOS, and changed its corporate name to Diginex Limited.

RiverNorth/DoubleLine Strategic Opportunity Fund (OPP^) rights are no longer trading. The last day to exercise is today.

Pfenex (PFNX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

September 30, 2020
Graf Industrial (GRAF) performed a ticker change to VLDR, and changed its corporate name to Velodyne LiDAR, Inc.

Asta Funding (ASFI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.10 per share in cash.

September 29, 2020
Goldman Sachs MLP Income Opportunities Fund (GMZ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.30919729 shares of GER for each share of GMZ previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Just Energy Group Inc. (JE) performed a 1 for 33 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JE for every 33 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Principia Biopharma (PRNB) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

September 28, 2020
CNX Midstream (CNXM) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.88 shares of CNX for each share of CNXM previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Windstream Holdings (WINMQ) warrants have expired worthless.

Amira Nature Foods (RYCFF) performed a ticker change to ANFIF.

Goldman Sachs MLP Income Opportunities Fund (GMZ) was delisted pending a stock merger. Details are still pending.

The following PortfolioPlus ETFs were delisted pending liquidation: PPLC, PPSC, PPMC, PPDM and PPEM.

The following Direxion ETFs were delisted pending liquidation: RWLS, TYBS, RWCD, RWDC, RWDE, RWED, RWUI, TYBS and SMLL.

September 25, 2020
Reality Shares DIVS ETF (DIVY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive 2 separate payments of $22.44 (principal) and $0.21 (interest) per share in cash.

September 24, 2020
Hermitage Offshore Services (PSV) performed a ticker change to HOFSQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Town Sports International (CLUB) performed a ticker change to CLUBQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

September 23, 2020
Actinium Pharmaceuticals Series B Warrants (ATNWW) have expired worthless.

Hycroft (HYCT^) rights expired worthless.

Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc (MRNS) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MRNS for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Barclays Bk PLC iPath MSCI India Index Total Return ETN (INPTF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

September 22, 2020
Garrett Motion (GTX) performed a ticker change to GTXMQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Majesco (MJCO) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Reality Shares DIVS ETF (DIVY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

September 21, 2020
58.com (WUBA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $55.95 per share in cash.

Denbury Resources (DNRCQ) performed a reorganization following its bankruptcy. Shareholders will receive 0.00259485 Series B warrants for each share previously held.

Northern Oil & Gas (NOG) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NOG for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Summit Therapeutics (SMMT) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

September 18, 2020
CenturyLink (CTL) performed a ticker change to LUMN.

Humanigen (HGEND) performed a ticker change to HGEN.

Superior Energy (SPN) performed a ticker change to SPNX. The security was delisted to OTC.

58.com (WUBA) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

September 16, 2020
ResTORbio (TORC) performed a 1 for 7 reverse split, and changed its ticker to ACET. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ACET for every 7 shares of TORC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

ImmunoCellular Therapeutics (IMUC) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split, and changed its ticker to IMUCD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IMUCD for every 10 shares of IMUC previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if fraction is over 0.5 and rounded down if less than 0.5.

September 15, 2020
Envision Solar (EVSI) performed a ticker change to BEEM, and changed its corporate name to Beam Global.

Qurate Retail Series A (QRTEA) performed a spin off. For every 1 share of QRTEA held, shareholders will 0.03 shares of QRTE (Qurate Retail).

Qurate Retail Series B (QRTEB) performed a spin off. For every 1 share of QRTEA held, shareholders will 0.03 shares of QRTE (Qurate Retail).

Trex Company (TREX) performed a 2 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of TREX for every 1 share previously held.

Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc. (EGLE) performed a 1 for 7 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EGLE for every 7 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

iShares Trust iShares ESG Advanced High Yield Corporate Bond ETF (HYXE) performed a ticker change to HYXF.

September 14, 2020
JPMorgan International Bond Opportunities ETF (JPGB) performed a ticker change to JPIB.

Humanigen (HGEN) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HGEN for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

September 11, 2020
DXI Energy (DXIEF) performed a 1 for 100 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DXIEF for every 100 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Liberty Latin America Ltd. Class A Common Stock (LILA) distributed 0.2690 rightS (LILAR) for every 1 share currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

Liberty Latin America Ltd. Class C Common Stock (LILAK) distributed 0.2690 rightS (LILAR) for every 1 share currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

September 10, 2020
Superconductor Technologies (SCON) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SCON for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Shiloh Industries (SHLO) performed a ticker change to SHLOQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

September 9, 2020
SandRidge Permian Trust (PER) performed a ticker change to PERS. The security was delisted to OTC.

September 8, 2020
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd Contra (MLNX^) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $125 per share in cash.

Iterum Therapeutics (ITRM^) rights expired worthless.

Biocept (BIOC) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BIOC for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Menlo Therapeutics (MNLO) performed a ticker change to VYNE, and changed its corporate name VYNE Therapeutics.

Trans World Entertainment (TWMC) performed a ticker change to KSPN, and changed its corporate name Kaspien Holdings.

B Communications (BCOM) performed a ticker change to BCOMF. The security was delisted to OTC.

Hornbeck Offshore Services (HOSSQ) was delisted to OTC.

UNIT Corporation (UNTCQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

iPath S&P VEQTOR ETN (VQT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $202.4406 per share in cash.

September 4, 2020
Meet Group (MEET) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.30 per share in cash.

Actinium Pharmaceuticals Series B (ATNWW) warrants have expired worthless.

PHAROL SGPS American Depositary Receipts (PTGCY) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

iShares iBonds Sep 2020 Term Muni Bond ETF (IBMI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.476389 per share in cash.

September 3, 2020
China Ceramics Co. (CCCL) performed a 1 for 3 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CCCL for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Sunesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc (SNSS) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SNSS for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

September 1, 2020
BioNTech SE (BNTX^) rights expired worthless.

Jason Inds (JASNQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

iPath S&P VEQTOR (VQT) expired worthless.

GS FIN CORP (GCE) performed a ticker change to GCEC The security was delisted to OTC.

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC Other 05/08/2037 (GSC) performed a ticker change to GSCE. The security was delisted to OTC.

Hycroft Warrant (HYCTW) performed a ticker change to HYMCZ.

EventShares U.S. Legislative Opportunities ETF (PLCY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.16474646 per share in cash.

Nationwide Maximum Diversification Emerging Markets Core Equity ETF (MXDE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.42979547 per share in cash.

August 31, 2020
Apple, Inc. (AAPL) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will hold 4 times the number of shares of AAPL stock that they held prior to the split. Those with fractional shares of AAPL will hold 4 times that fractional amount after the split.

Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will hold 5 times the number of shares of TSLA stock that they held prior to the split. Those with fractional shares of TSLA will hold 5 times that fractional amount after the split.

MFS California Municipal Fund (CCA) expired worthless.

LogMeIn (LOGM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $86.05 per share in cash.

Far Point Acquisition (FPAC) performed a ticker change to GB, and changed its corporate name to Global Blue Group.

Collier Creek Holdings (CCH) performed a ticker change to UTZ, and changed its corporate name to Utz Quality Foods.

DZS, Inc. (DZSI) changed its corporate name to DASAN Zhone, and changed its CUSIP number.

August 28, 2020
Direxion Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 2X Shares (DRIP) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DRIP for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3x Shares ETF (LABD) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LABD for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Semiconductor Bear ETF (SOXS) performed a 1 for 12 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SOXS for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Dow Jones Internet Bear 3X (WEBS) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WEBS for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Consumer Discretionary Bear 3X Shares (PASS) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PASS for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Communication Services Index Bear 3X Shares (MUTE) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MUTE for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Global X Scientific Beta Europe ETF (SCID) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive two separate payments of $24.453 and $0.2094 per share in cash.

Global X Scientific Beta Asia ex-Japan ETF (SCIX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive two separate payments of $21.1355 and $0.0316 per share in cash.

Global X Fertilizers/Potash ETF (SOIL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.2114 per share in cash.

Global X Scientific Beta Japan ETF (SCIJ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.0342 per share in cash.

Global X Scientific Beta US ETF (SCIU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive two separate payments of $33.2457 and $0.2845 per share in cash.

Global Indemnity (GBLI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

EventShares U.S. Legislative Opportunities ETF (PLCY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Nationwide Maximum Diversification Emerging Markets Core Equity ETF (MXDE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

August 27, 2020
SunPower Corporation (SPWR) performed a spin off. For every 1 share of SPWR held, shareholders will receive 0.125 shares of MAXN (Maxeon Solar Technologies).

Urban Tea, Inc. (MYT) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MYT for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

August 26, 2020
PolyMet Mining (PLM) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PLM for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Benefytt Technologies (BFYT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.00 per share in cash.

Bancorp 34 (BCTF) was delisted to OTC.

PYXUS INTL INC (PYXSQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.10669818 per share in cash.

August 25, 2020
Smith & Wesson Brands (SWBI) performed a spinoff of AOUT. For every 4 shares of SWBI held, shareholders will receive 1 share of AOUT.

Pure Acquisition (PACQ) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.62308187 and 1 share of HPKEW for each share of PACQ previously held. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Pyxus International Inc (PYXSQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

August 24, 2020
Hexindai Inc. (HX) performed a 1 for 3 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HX for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Capitala Finance Corp. (CPTA) performed a 1 for 6 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CPTA for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Stein Mart (SMRT) performed a ticker change to SMRTQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Benefytt Technologies (BFYT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Pure Acquisition (PACQ) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

The following Global X ETFs were delisted pending liquidation: SCIX, SOIL, SCIU, SCID and SCIJ.

Ampco-Pittsburgh Corp. (AP) distributed 1 right for every 1 share currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

August 21, 2020
Global X S&P 500 Covered Call ETF (HSPX) performed a ticker change to XYLD.

Tortoise Global Water ESG Fund (TBLU) performed a ticker change to EBLU.

Kingold Jewelry Inc. (KGJI) was delisted to OTC.

Kitov Pharmaceuticals (KTOV) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KTOV for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

August 20, 2020
DelMar Pharmaceuticals (DMPI) performed a ticker change to KTRA, and changed its corporate name to Kintara Therapeutics.

Principal Exchange-Traded Funds Principal Contrarian Value Index ETF (PVAL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.7281 per share in cash.

iShares Europe Developed Real Estate ETF (IFEU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $35.1178 per share in cash.

iShares Edge MSCI Min Vol Europe ETF (EUMV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.9912 per share in cash.

iShares Currency Hedged MSCI Italy ETF (HEWI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.7743 per share in cash.

iShares Currency Hedged MSCI Australia ETF (HAUD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.3605 per share in cash.

iShares Currency Hedged MSCI South Korea ETF (HEWY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.7103 per share in cash.

iShares Currency Hedged MSCI Switzerland ETF (HEWL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.0599 per share in cash.

iShares Currency Hedged MSCI Spain ETF (HEWP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.5352 per share in cash.

iShares Edge MSCI Min Vol Japan ETF (JPMV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $60.4445 per share in cash.

Principal Sustainable Momentum Index ETF (PMOM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.6968 per share in cash.

Valaris PLC (VAL) performed a ticker change to VALPQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

iPath US Treasury 10-year Bull ETN (DTYL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $98.7276 per share in cash.

iPath US Treasury 2-year Bear ETN (DTUS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.7442 per share in cash.

iPath US Treasury Steepener ETN (STPP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.6219 per share in cash.

iPath US Treasury Flattener ETN (FLAT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $71.3234 per share in cash.

iPath US Treasury 2-year Bull (DTUL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $75.3882 per share in cash.

iPath US Treasury 10-year Bear ETN (DTYS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $70.2669 per share in cash.

August 19, 2020
Sigma Designs (SIGM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.285 per share in cash.

Organovo (ONVO) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ONVO for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ForeScout Technologies (FSCT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $29.00 per share in cash.

Power Integrations (POWI) performed a 2 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of POWI for every 1 share previously held.

Delmar Bancorp (DBCP) performed a ticker change to PTRS, and changed its corporate name to Partners Bancorp.

August 18, 2020
ProShares Ultra Consumer Services (UCC) performed a 2 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of UCC for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares Ultra QQQ (QLD) performed a 2 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of QLD for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares Ultra Technology ETF (ROM) performed a 4 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of ROM for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares Ultra S&P 500 ETF (SSO) performed a 2 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SSO for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares Ultra 20+ Year Treasury ETF (UBT) performed a 2 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of UBT for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Technology ETF (REW) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Semiconductors (SSG) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares Trust ProShares UltraShort Nasdaq Biotechnology (BIS) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Consumer Goods (SZK) performed a 1 for 2 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraShort Consumer Services (SCC) performed a 1 for 2 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraPro Short QQQ (SQQQ) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ForeScout Technologies, Inc. (FSCT) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Sigma Designs, Inc. (SIGM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Europe Developed Real Estate ETF (IFEU) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Currency Hedged MSCI Italy ETF (HEWI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Currency Hedged MSCI Australia ETF (HAUD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Edge MSCI Min Vol Europe ETF (EUMV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Currency Hedged MSCI Spain ETF (HEWP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Edge MSCI Min Vol Japan ETF (JPMV) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Currency Hedged MSCI South Korea ETF (HEWY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares Currency Hedged MSCI Switzerland ETF (HEWL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trust Invesco RAFI Strategic Developed ex-US Small Company ETF (ISDS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Amira Nature Foods Ltd (RYCE) performed a ticker change to RYCFF. The security was delisted to OTC.

August 17, 2020
Shineco (TYHT) performed a 1 for 9 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TYHT for every 9 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Hartford Multifactor REIT ETF (RORE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.2759 per share in cash.

Hartford Multifactor Low Volatility US Equity ETF (LVUS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.5540 per share in cash.

Franklin Financial (FSB) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $2.00 and 0.9650 shares of FBK for each share of FSB previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Samson Oil & Gas Limited American Depositary Receipts (SSNYY) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Principal Sustainable Momentum Index ETF (PMOM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Postive Physicians (PPHI) was delisted to OTC.

Principal Contrarian Value Index ETF (PVAL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

August 14, 2020
Voxeljet (VJET) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VJET for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Ocwen Financial Corporation (OCN) performed a 1 for 15 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OCN for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Intrepid Potash (IPI) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IPI for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Marten Transport (MRTN) performed a 3 for 2 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of MRTN for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

August 13, 2020
Tandy Leather Factory (TLF) performed a ticker change to TLFA. The security was delisted to OTC.

August 12, 2020
IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap ETF (QGTA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.0073 per share in cash.

IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Europe ETF (HFXE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive two separate payments of $19.09571 (principal rate) and $0.03564 (ordinary income) per share in cash.

IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap ETF (CROP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive two separate payments of $32.15237 (principal rate) and $0.05184 (ordinary income) per share in cash.

IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Japan ETF (HFXJ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive two separate payments of $20.35908 (principal rate) and $0.01137 (ordinary income) per share in cash.

NeuroBo Pharmaceuticals CVR (NRBO^) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NRBO^ for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded down.

August 11, 2020
Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Inc (ATNM) performed a 1 for 30 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ATNM for every 30 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Elkhorn Lunt Low Vol/High Beta Tactical ETF (LVHB) performed a ticker change to BUFF.

iPath US Treasury Steepener ETN (STPP) expired worthless.

iPath US Treasury 2-year Bear ETN (DTUS) expired worthless.

iPath US Treasury 10-year Bull ETN (DTYL) expired worthless.

iPath US Treasury Flattener ETN (FLAT) expired worthless.

August 10, 2020
Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CPE for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

TOP Ships, Inc. (TOPS) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TOPS for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Hartford Multifactor REIT ETF (RORE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Hartford Multifactor Low Volatility US Equity ETF (LVUS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

August 7, 2020
New Age Beverages (NBEV) changed its corporate name to NewAge, and changed its CUSIP number.

T-Mobile (TMUSR) rights expired worthless.

Golden Bull Limited Ordinary Shares (DNJR) performed a ticker change to BTBT.

Therapeutics Acquisition (TXAC) performed a ticker change to RACA.

August 6, 2020
IQ Global Agribusiness Small Cap ETF (CROP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Japan ETF (HFXJ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

IQ 50 Percent Hedged FTSE Europe ETF (HFXE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

IQ Leaders GTAA Tracker ETF (QGTA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Pacific Coast Oil Trust (ROYT) performed a ticker change to ROYTL. The security was delisted to OTC.

August 5, 2020
Mitcham Industries (MIND) changed its corporate name to MIND Technology, and changed its CUSIP number.

AgroFresh Solutions (AGFSW) warrants have expired worthless.

Noble Corp (NE) performed a ticker change NEBLQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

TerraForm Power (TERP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.47625 shares of BEPC for each share of TERP previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

August 4, 2020
Eagle Growth and Income Opportunities Fund (EGIF) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.75 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP (EGIF^), which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals (TTPH) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.00 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (TTPH^), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Ascena Retail Group (ASNA) performed a ticker change to ASNAQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Global Eagle Entertainment (ENT) performed a ticker change to GEENQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Tailored Brand (TLRD) performed a ticker change to TLRDQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

August 3, 2020
Legg Mason (LM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $50.00 per share in cash.

SB One Bancorp (SBBX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.3570 shares of PFS for each share of SBBX previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Rennova Health (RNVA) performed a 1 for 10,000 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RNVA for every 10,000 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Houston American Energy (HUSA) performed a 1 for 12.5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HUSA for every 12.5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

THL Credit Inc. (TCRD) performed a ticker change to FCRD, and changed its corporate name to First Eagle Alternative Capital BDC, Inc.

Vislink Technologies, Inc. (VISL) performed a 1 for 6 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VISL for every 6 shares shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Rosehill Resources (ROSE) performed a ticker change to ROSEQ. The security was delisted to OTC

TerraForm Power (TERP) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Brand Value ETF (BVAL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive two separate payments of $1.07719520 (liquidated Income) and $15.07538847 (Return of Capital) per share in cash.

Occidental Petroleum (OXY) distributed warrants. Shareholders will receive 0.125 warrants (OXY+) for each share currently held.

July 31, 2020
Achieve Life Sciences, Inc. (ACHV) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split. . This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 20shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

GAIN Capital (GAIN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.00 per share in cash.

Tiziana Life Sciences (TLSA) performed a 2.5 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 2.5 shares of TLSA for every 1 share previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ECA Marcellus (ECT) performed a ticker change to ECTM. The security was delisted to OTC.

Brand Value ETF (BVAL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Denbury (DNR) performed a ticker change to DNRCQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

July 30, 2020
El Paso Electric (EE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $68.25 per share in cash.

Atento S.A. (ATTO) performed a 1 for 5.027090466672 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ATTO for every 5.027090466672 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Brookfield Renewable (BEP) performed a spinoff of BEPC. For every 4 shares of BEP held, shareholders will receive 1 share of BEPC.

Taoping Inc. (TAOP) performed a 1 for 6 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TAOP for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Foresight Energy (FELPQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

RMR Mortgage Trust (RIF) performed a ticker change to RMRM.

July 29, 2020
CF Bankshares Inc. (CFBK) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

iPath Pure Beta Crude Oil ETN (OLEM) performed a ticker change to OIL.

Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals (TTPH) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

JUST ENERGY (JE) distributed 0.054450720192 rights (JE^) for every 1 share currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

July 28, 2020
ClearBridge MLP and Midstream Fund Inc. (CEM) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CEM for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

KLX Energy (KLXE) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KLXE for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ClearBridge MLP and Midstream Total Return Fund Inc. (CTR) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CTR for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Finjan Holdings, Inc. (FNJN) performed a liquidation at $1.55 per share on 07/28/2020. This means your shares were removed and you were credited $1.55 per share to your Robinhood account.

Quintana Energy (QES) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0969 shares of KLXE for each share of QES previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

U.S. Auto Parts (PRTS) changed its corporate name to CarParts.com, and changed its CUSIP number.

ClearBridge Energy Midstream Opportunity Fund Inc. (EMO) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 of EMO share for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Eagle Growth and Income Opportunities Fund (EGIF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

T-Mobile (TMUSR) rights expired worthless.

BioNTech SE (BNTX) distributed 1 right (BTNX^) for every 1 share currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

July 27, 2020
Medley Capital (MCC) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Sequential Brands (SQBG) performed a 1 for 40 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 40 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Fiduciary/Claymore Energy Infrastructure Fund (FMO) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Finjan (FNJN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

July 23, 2020
Principal Spectrum Preferred Securities Active ETF (PREF) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of PREF for every 1 share previously held.

Biolase (BIOL^) rights expired worthless.

Royal Bank Of Scotland (RBS) performed a ticker change to NWG, and changed its corporate name to NatWest Group Plc.

RTI Surgical Holdings (RTIX) performed a ticker change to SRGA, and changed its corporate name to Surgalign Holdings Inc.

BBX Capital (BBX) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BBX for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

July 22, 2020
Rubicon Minerals (RBYCF) performed a ticker change to BNAUF, and changed its corporate name to Battle North Gold.

July 21, 2020
Eldorado Resorts (ERI) performed a ticker change to CZR, and changed its corporate name to Caesars Entertainment.

Caesars Entertainment (old CZR) was delisted pending a merger with new CZR (previously ERI).

Briggs & Stratton (BGG) performed a ticker change to BGGSQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

FRONTEO (FTEO) ADRs have been terminated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.496065 per share in cash.

July 20, 2020
China Rapid Finance Limited (XRF) performed a ticker change to SOS Limited, and changed its corporate name to SOS.

MicroSectors FANG+ Index -3X Inverse Leveraged ETNs (FNGD) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FNGD for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Standard Diversified (SDI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.521 shares of TPB for each share of SDI previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Virtus WMC Global Factor Opportunities ETF (VGFO) performed a ticker change to VWID.

California Res (CRC) performed a ticker change to CRCQQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

July 17, 2020
SCYNEXIS, Inc. (SCYX) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Elkhorn Lunt Low Vol/High Beta Tactical ET (LVHB) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

VIVUS (VVUS) performed a ticker change to VVUSQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

July 16, 2020
Ashford Hospitality Trust (AHT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AHT for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

MSB Financial (MSBF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.3 shares of XKRNY for each share of SYMBOL previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Standard Diversified (SDI) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Endologix (ELGX) performed a ticker change to ELGXQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Leo Holdings (LHC) performed a ticker change to DMS and changed its corporate name to Digital Media Solutions.

July 15, 2020
Quorum Health (QHCCQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Hi-Crush (HCR) performed a ticker change to HCRSQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

July 14, 2020
Carbo Ceramics (CRRTQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Harte Hanks (HHS) performed a ticker change to HRTH. The security was delisted to OTC.

RTW Retailwinds (RTWI) performed a ticker change to RTWIQ.

July 13, 2020
Polyone (POL) performed a ticker change to AVNT, and changed its corporate name to Avient.

VelocityShares 3x Long Natural Gas ETN linked to the S&P GSCI Natural Gas Index Excess Return (UGAZ) performed a ticker change to UGAZF. The security was delisted to OTC.

VelocityShares 3x Inverse Natural Gas ETN linked to the S&P GSCI Natural Gas Index Excess Return (DGAZ) performed a ticker change to DGAZF. The security was delisted to OTC.

July 10, 2020
Amplify EASI Tactical Growth ETF (EASI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive two separate payments of $21.06992928 and $0.032128 per share in cash.

TearLab (TEAR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.0586 per share in cash.

Del Taco (TACOW) warrants have expired worthless.

JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (JAKK) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JAKK for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

MCig (MCIG) performed a ticker change to BTZI, and changed its corporate name to Bots.

July 9, 2020
Rubicon Minerals (RDYCF) changed its corporate name to Battle North Gold, and changed its CUSIP number.

MCig (MCIG) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

July 8, 2020
Xtrackers MSCI Latin America Pacific Alliance ETF (PACA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive two separate payments of $17.28791 and $0.22832 per share in cash.

Portola Pharmaceuticals (PTLA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18 per share in cash.

HG Holdings (STLY^) rights expired worthless.

July 7, 2020
Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd (SINO) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Avant Diagnostics (ADVX) performed a 1 for 2,000 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of new ADVX (a Contra CUSIP) for every 2,000 shares previously held.

Catasys, Inc (CATS) performed a ticker change to OTRK, and changed its corporate name to Ontrack Inc.

Therapix Bioscience (TRPX) performed a ticker change to TRPXY. The security was delisted to OTC.

RTW Retailwinds (RTW) performed a ticker change to RTWI. The security was delisted to OTC.

July 6, 2020
Biolase (BIOL) distributed 1 right for every 1 share currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

Mcdermott (MDRIQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Fred's Inc. (FREDQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

ARYA Sciences (ARYA) performed a ticker change to IMTX, and changed its corporate name to Immatics.

Center Coast MLP & Infrastructure Fund (CEN) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Portola Pharmaceuticals (PTLA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Amplify EASI Tactical Growth ETF (EASI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Covenant Logistics Group (CVTI) performed a ticker change to CVLG.

INTL FCStone (INTL) performed a ticker change to SNEX, and changed its corporate name to StoneX Group.

Credit Suisse AG Nassau Brh VelocityShares 3x Inverse Gold ETN (DGLD) performed a ticker change to DGLDF. The security was delisted to OTC.

Credit Suisse AG Nassau Brh VelocityShares 3x Inverse Silver ETN (DSLV) performed a ticker change to DSLVF. The security was delisted to OTC.

VelocityShares Daily 2x VIX Short Term ETN (TVIX) performed a ticker change to TVIXF. The security was delisted to OTC.

VelocityShares 3x Long Gold ETN (UGLD) performed a ticker change to UGLDF. The security was delisted to OTC.

VelocityShares 3x Long Silver ETN (USLV) performed a ticker change to USLVF. The security was delisted to OTC.

VelocityShares VIX Short Term ETN (VIIX) performed a ticker change to VIIXF. The security was delisted to OTC.

Credit Suisse AG Nassau Brh VelocityShares Daily Inverse VIX Lkd to S&P 500 Medium Term ETN (ZIV) performed a ticker change to ZIVZF. The security was delisted to OTC.

July 2, 2020
Iberiabank Corporation (IBKC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 4.584 shares of FHN for each share of IBKC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Gordon Pointe Acquisition (GPAQ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.42133 shares of HOFV for each share of GPAQ previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

American National Insurance (ANAT) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of new ANAT for each share of old ANAT previously held.

WillScot Corporation (WSC) changed its corporate name to WillScot Mobile Mini, and changed its CUSIP number.

Mobile Mini, Inc (MINI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 2.405 shares of WSC for each share of MINI previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

InterActiveCorp (IAC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of new IAC and 2.1584 shares of MTCH for each share of (old) IAC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ARYA Sciences (ARYA) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Covia (CVIA) performed a ticker change to CVIAQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

July 1, 2020
The Rubicon Project (RUBI) performed a ticker change to MGNI, and changed its corporate name to Magnite Inc.

Office Depot (ODP) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ODP for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Alta Mesa Resources (AMRWQ) warrants have expired worthless.

Match (MTCH) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0337 shares of new MTCH for each share of old MTCH previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

People's Utah Bancorp (PUB) performed a ticker change to ALTA, and changed its corporate name to Altabancorp.

Altus Midstream (ALTM) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ALTM for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Tsakos Energy Navigation (TNP) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TNP for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Aradigm (ARDMQ) went through a bankruptcy. This means that shares were removed and shareholders received an Escrow CUSIP (ARDMQ^), which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Alta Mesa Resources, Inc. (AMRQQ) was deemed worthless after the company's bankruptcy.

Alio Gold (ALO) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.67 shares of ARNGF for each share of ALO previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

InterActiveCorp (IAC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Ottawa Bancorp (OTTW) was delisted to OTC.

June 30, 2020
Avita Medical (RCEL) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of Avita Therapeutics (new RCEL) for every 5 shares of Avita Medical (old RCEL) previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Seanergy (SHIP) performed a 1 for 16 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SHIP for every 16 shares shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Adesto Technologies Corporation (IOTS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.55 per share in cash.

Tech Data Corporation (TECD) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $145.00 per share in cash.

Chesapeake Energy (CHK) performed a ticker change to CHKAQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Lilis Energy (LLEX) performed a ticker change to LLEXQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

June 29, 2020
Luckin Coffee (LK) performed a ticker change to LKNCY. The security was delisted to OTC.

JPMorgan Event Driven ETF (JPED) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $21.23662554 cash per each share of JPED previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

JPMorgan Diversified Alternatives ETF (JPHF) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $19.04754314 cash per each share of JPHF previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

LHA Market State U.S. Tactical ETF (MSUS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive 2 separate payments of $22.8881818 and $0.01311333 per share in cash.

Xtrackers MSCI Latin America Pacific Alliance ETF (PACA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Del Taco (TACOW) warrants have expired worthless.

June 26, 2020
JPMorgan Diversified Return Global Equity ETF (JPGE) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $56.4701 cash per each share of JPGE previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

LHA Market State U.S. Tactical ETF (MSUS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

T-Mobile (TMUS) distributed 1 right for every 1 share currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

June 25, 2020
Act II Global Acquisition (ACTT) performed a ticker change to FREE, and changed its corporate name to Whole Earth Brands.

Extraction Oil and Gas (XOG) performed a ticker change to XOGAQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Jason Inds (JASN) performed a ticker change to JASNQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

June 24, 2020
Provectus Biopharmaceuticals (PVCTW) warrants have expired worthless.

Sutter Rock Capital (SSSS) changed its corporate name to SuRo Capital Corp, and changed its CUSIP number.

June 23, 2020
Anixter International (AXE) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $72.82, 0.2397 shares of WCC and 0.6356 shares of WCC-A for each share of AXE previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Broadvision (BVSNQ) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.56 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP (BVSNQ^), which represents the right to receive future distributions.

BlackRock Muni New York Intermediate Duration Fund (MNE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.361 shares of MNE^ (MNE Contra) for each share of MNE previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Bain Capital Specialty Finance (BCSF) rights expired worthless.

June 22, 2020
Pulse Biosciences (PLSE^) rights expired worthless.

First Defiance Financial (FDEF) performed a ticker change to PFC, and changed its corporate name to Premier Financial Corp.

Liberty Media Corporation (LSXMR) rights expired worthless.

Progenics Pharmaceuticals (PGNX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.31 shares of LNTH for each share of PGNX previously held, with fractional shares paid as cash in lieu. Additionally, shareholders will receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Seadrill (SDRL) performed a ticker change to SDRLF. The security was delisted to OTC.

Roundhill Acquirers Deep Value ETF (DVP) performed a ticker change to DEEP.

Anixter International (AXE) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

JPMorgan Event Driven ETF (JPED) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

JPMorgan Diversified Alternatives ETF (JPHF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

JPMorgan Diversified Return Global Equity ETF (JPGE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Provectus Biopharmaceuticals (PVCTW) warrants have expired worthless.

June 19, 2020
JPMorgan Long/Short ETF (JPLS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.1981 per share in cash.

JPMorgan Managed Futures Strategy ETF (JPMF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.9210 per share in cash.

JPMorgan Diversified Return Europe Equity ETF (JPEU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $52.5433 per share in cash.

Fang Holdings (SFUN) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SFUN for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

June 18, 2020
Newstar Financial Contingent Value Right (NEWS^) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.61629 per share in cash.

June 17, 2020
KEMET Corporation (KEM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.20 per share in cash.

EQM Midstream Partners, LP (EQM) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 2.44 shares of ETRN for each share of EQM previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

SAExploration (SAEX) was delisted to OTC.

Proficient Alpha (PAAC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of LGHL for each share of PAAC previously held.

June 16, 2020
Tocagen Inc (TOCA) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to FBRX (Forte Biosciences). This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FBRX for every 15 shares of TOCA previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

TPG Specialty Lending (TSLX) changed its corporate name to Sixth Street Specialty Lending, and changed its CUSIP number.

FS KKR Capital Corp. (FSK) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

BlackRock Muni New York Intermediate Duration Fund (MNE) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Pyxus International (PYX) was delisted from NYSE. The stock is currently not trading.

June 15, 2020
Cushing NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund (SZC) Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SZC for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Cushing MLP Total Return Fund (SRV) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SRV for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

JPMorgan Long/Short ETF (JPLS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

KEMET Corporation (KEM) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

JPMorgan Diversified Return Europe Equity ETF (JPEU) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

JPMorgan Managed Futures Strategy ETF (JPMF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

June 12, 2020
Era Group (ERA) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to VTOL. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VTOL for every 3 shares of ERA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Stemline Therapeutics (STML) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.50 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Vermillion Inc (VRML) performed a ticker change to AWH, and changed its corporate name to Aspira Women's Health.

Energy Focus (EFOI) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EFOI for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Credit Suisse X-Links Multi-Asset High Income ETN (MLTI) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

June 11, 2020
Groupon, Inc. (GRPN) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GRPN for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

XpresSpa Group, Inc. (XSPA) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XSPA for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Avianca Holdings (AVH) performed a ticker change to AVHOQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Nebula Acquisition (NEBU) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Stemline Therapeutics (STML) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

CREDIT SUISSE AG NASSAU BRH (DWTIF) expired worthless.

June 10, 2020
LATAM Airlines (LTM) performed a ticker change to LTMAQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

June 9, 2020
FGL Holdings (FG) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.2558 shares of FNF for each share of FG previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Vivaldi Opportunities (VAM) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6470 shares of FINS for each share of VAM previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

CenterState Bank (CSFL) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3001 shares of SSB for each share of CSFL previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

The following WidsdomTree ETFs were liquidated: EMCG, GULF, HYND, AGND, XTH, SPYB, WCHN, AXJL, EUMF, DYLS, JNMF and GLBY. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash.

June 8, 2020
CenterState Bank (CSFL) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Vivaldi Opportunities Fund (VAM) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Tuesday Morning (TUES) performed a ticker change to TUESQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Liberty Media (LSXMR) rights are no longer trading. The last day to exercise was Friday.

June 5, 2020
Harvest Oil & Gas (HRSTD) performed a ticker change to HRST.

Bain Capital Specialty Finance (BCSF^) rights are no longer trading. The last day to exercise is today.

June 4, 2020
Apergy Corporation (APY) performed a ticker change to CHX, and changed its corporate name to Champion X Corporation.

VectoIQ (VTIQ) performed a ticker change to NKLA, and changed its corporate name to Nikola Corporation.

June 2, 2020
Laredo Petroleum (LPI) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LPI for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Xperi Corporation (XPER) changed its corporate name to Xperi Holding Corp, and changed its CUSIP number.

TiVo (TIVO) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.455 shares of XPER for each share of TiVo previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Valhi, Inc. (VHI) performed a 1 for 12 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VHI for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Opus Bank (OPB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9 shares of PPBI for each share of OPB previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

FGL Holdings (FG) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Libbey (LBY) performed a ticker change to LBYYQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

June 1, 2020
RYZZ Managed Futures Strategy Plus ETF (RYZZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.2809 per share in cash.

Pioneer Energy Services (PESXQ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.00068498 shares of "new" PESXQ for each share of "old" PESXQ previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if fraction is over 0.5 and rounded down if less than 0.5.

American Outdoor Brands Corporation (AOBC) performed a ticker change to SWBI, and changed its corporate name to Smith & Wesson Brands Inc.

Spartan Motors (SPAR) performed a ticker change to SHYF, and changed its corporate name to The Shyft Group, Inc.

Wellesley Bancorp (WEBK) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5800 shares of CATC for each share of WEBK previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Cushing Energy Income Fund (SRF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8078 shares of SRV for each share of SRF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Melrose Bancorp Inc (MELR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25 per share in cash.

Mudrick Capital Acquisition Corporation Class A (MUDS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 shares of HYNC for each share of MUDS previously held.

Edwards Lifesciences (EW) performed a 3 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of EW for every 1 share previously held.

Correvio Pharma (CORV) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.42 per share in cash.

Wabco (WBC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $136.5000 per share in cash.

Akorn (AKRX) performed a ticker change to AKRXQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Barclays BK PLC Other (OILND) performed a ticker change to OILNF.

SPDR S&P Technology Hardware ETF (XTH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Opus Bank (OPB) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

May 29, 2020
Zafgen, Inc. (ZFGN) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to LRMR (Larimar Therapeutics, Inc). This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LRMR for every 12 shares of ZFGN previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

DropCar Inc (DCAR) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to DCARZZZ (DCAR Contra CUSIP). This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DCARZZZ for every 10 shares of DCAR previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

DCAR Contra CUSIP (DCARZZZ) performed a 1 for 2 Forward Split and changed its ticker symbol to AYRO. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of AYRO for every 1 share of DCARZZZ previously held.

RYZZ Managed Futures Strategy Plus ETF (RYZZ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Wabco (WBC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

May 28, 2020
Teligent (TLGT) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TLGT previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Correvio Pharma (CORV) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

The following WisdomTree ETFs were delisted pending liquidation: WCHN, HYND, GULF, DYLS, AGND, EUMF, JNMF, AXJL AND GLBY

Centric Brands (CTRC) performed a ticker change to CTRCQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

NeuroMetrix (NUROW) warrants have expired worthless.

May 27, 2020
Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc. (CNAT) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split and changed its ticker symbol to HSTO (Histogen Inc.). This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HSTO for every 10 shares of CNAT previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Huitao Technology (HHT) changed its corporate name to Color Star Technology, and changed its CUSIP number.

UNIT Corporation (UNT) performed a ticker change to UNTCQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

May 26, 2020
Ritter Pharmaceuticals (RTTR) performed a 1 for 25 reverse split and changed its ticker symbol to QLGN (Qualigen). This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of QLGN for every 25 shares of RTTR previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu. Additionally, shareholders will receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Knowledge Leaders Developed World ETF (KLDW) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Defiance Next Gen Food and Agriculture ETF (DIET) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.5030066 per share in cash.

May 22, 2020
Rand Capital Corporation (RAND) performed a 1 for 9 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 9 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Pacer Benchmark Retail Real Estate SCTR ETF (RTL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.7627 per share in cash.

Legg Mason Emerging Markets Low Volatility High Dividend ETF (LVHE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.1746 per share in cash.

Golub Capital BDC (GBDCR) rights expired worthless.

Invesco CurrencyShares Swedish Krona Trust (FXS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $92.6946 per share in cash.

Invesco CurrencyShares Chinese Renminbi Trust (FXCH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $68.2265 per share in cash.

Invesco CurrencyShares Singapore Dollar Trust (FXSG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $68.7542 per share in cash.

Defiance Next Gen Food and Agriculture ETF (DIET) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

PDL BioPharma (PDLI) performed a spinoff of EVFM. For every 1 shares of PDLI held, shareholders will receive 0.115919853013 shares of EVFM.

May 21, 2020
THL Credit Senior Loan Fund (TSLF) performed a ticker change to FSLF, and changed its corporate name to First Eagle Senior Loan Fund.

KemPharm (KMPH) was delisted to OTC.

AIkido Pharma (AIKI) performed a spinoff of HOTH. For every 500 shares of AIKI held, shareholders will receive 1 share of HOTH.

DB Crude Oil Double Short ETN (DTO) expired worthless.

May 20, 2020
RumbleOn (RMBL) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

DB Crude Oil Double Short ETN (DTO) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Hornbeck Offshore Services (HOSS) performed a ticker change to HOSSQ.

Assertio Therapeutics (ASRT) changed its corporate name to Assertio Holdings, and changed its CUSIP number.

May 19, 2020
BioPharmX (BPMX) performed a 1 for 12 reverse split and changed its ticker to TMBR (Timber Pharmaceuticals). This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TMBR for every 12 shares of BPMX previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

JMU Limited ADS (MFH) changed its corporate name to Mercurity Fintech Holding Inc.

Mercurity Fintech Holding Inc. (MFH) performed a 1 for 2 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MFH for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

SORL Auto Parts, Inc (SORL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.72 per share in cash.

Broadvision (BVSN) performed a ticker change to BVSNQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

J.C. Penney (JCP) performed a ticker change to JCPNQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Intelsat (I) performed a ticker change to INTEQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Ultra Petroleum (UPLC) performed a ticker change to UPLCQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

May 18, 2020
Liberty Media Corporation Series A Liberty SiriusXM Common Stock (LSXMA) performed a spinoff of LSXMR. For every 1 shares of LSXMA held, shareholders will receive 0.0939 shares of LSXMR.

TMSR Holding (TMSR) performed a ticker change to CCNC, and changed its corporate name to Code Chain New Continent Limited Common Stock.

Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation Sponsored ADR (MTZPY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.6361 per share in cash.

Validea Market Legends ETF (VALX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive 2 separate payments of $17.6090374 and $0.07399 per share in cash.

Liberty Media Corporation Series C Liberty SiriusXM Common Stock (LSXMK) performed a spinoff of LSXMR. For every 1 shares of LSXMK held, shareholders will receive 0.0939 shares of LSXMR.

Alerian MLP ETF (AMLP) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AMLP for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Liberty Media Corporation Series B Liberty SiriusXM Common Stock (LSXMB) performed a spinoff of LSXMR. For every 1 shares of LSXMB held, shareholders will receive 0.0939 shares of LSXMR.

Synthesis Energy Systems (SES) performed a ticker change to SYNE. The security was delisted to OTC.

Legg Mason Emerging Markets Low Volatility High Dividend ETF (LVHE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SORL Auto Parts (SORL) was delisted pending a stock merger. Details are still pending.

May 15, 2020
Arch Coal (ARCH) changed its corporate name to Arch Resources, and changed its CUSIP number.

Validea Market Legends ETF (VALX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Arrow Dogs of the World ETF (DOGS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $33.3043 per share in cash.

May 14, 2020
BiondVax Pharmaceuticals (BVXVW) Warrants are no longer trading. The last day to exercise is tomorrow.

Emmis Communications (EMMS) was delisted from NASDAQ. The stock is currently not trading.

May 13, 2020
Pope Resources (POPE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 3.929 shares of RYN for each share of POPE previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

May 12, 2020
Bonanza Creek Energy (BNZZW) warrants have expired worthless.

Rand Capita (RAND) performed a 12495 for 9958 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 12595 shares of RAND for every 9958 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

FTS International, Inc. (FTSI) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FTSI for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Parker Drilling (PKDCD) performed a ticker change to PKDC.

Stage Stores (SSI) performed a ticker change to SSINQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Xtrackers J.P. Morgan ESG USD High Yield Corporate Bond ETF (HYIH) performed a ticker change to ESHY.

Xtrackers J.P. Morgan ESG Emerging Markets Sovereign ETF (EMIH) performed a ticker change to ESEB.

Xtrackers Bloomberg Barclays US Investment Grade Corporate ESG ETF (IGIH) performed a ticker change to ESCR.

Continental Materials (CUO) was delisted from NYSE. The stock is currently not trading.

May 11, 2020
Nuveen All Cap Energy MLP Opportunities Fund (JMLP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.1047 per share in cash.

Consolidated-Tomoka Land (CTO) changed its corporate name to CTO Realty Growth, and changed its CUSIP number.

Allergan (AGN) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $120.30 and 0.866 shares of ABBV for each share of AGN previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund (JMF) as liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.4487 per share in cash.

Artara Therapeutics (TARA) changed its corporate name to Protara Therapeutics, and changed its CUSIP number.

Wealthbridge Acquisition (HHHH) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of SJ for each share of HHHH previously held.

Aurora Cannabis (ACB) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ACB for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if fraction is over 0.5 and rounded down if less than 0.5.

Harvest Oil & Gas (HRST) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HRST for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

CUI Global (CUI) performed a ticker change to OEG, and changed its corporate name to Orbital Energy.

Pacific Ventures Group (PACVD) performed a ticker change to PACV.

Internap Corporation (INAPQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

May 8, 2020
The Stars Group (TSG) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of TSG= (contra cusip) for each share of TSG previously held.

Israel Chemicals Limited (ICL) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

TrovaGene, Inc.(TROV) performed a ticker change to CRDF, and changed its corporate name to Cardiff Oncology.

China Internet Nationwide Financial Services Inc.(CIFS) performed a ticker change to HUSN, and changed its corporate name to Hudson Capital Inc.

Document Security Systems, Inc. (DSS) performed a 1 for 30 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share for every 30 previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

May 7, 2020
Neon Therapeutics, Inc. (NTGN) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.063 shares of BNTX for each share of NTGN previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Universal Forest Products (UFPI) changed its corporate name to UFP Industries, and changed its CUSIP number.

Golub Capital BDC (GBDCR) rights expired worthless.

OpGen (OPGNW) warrants have expired worthless.

May 6, 2020
USCF SummerHaven SHPEN Index Fund (BUYN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.6525 per share in cash.

The Stars Group (TSG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

May 5, 2020
Asanko Gold (AKG) performed a ticker change to GAU, and changed its corporate name to Galiano Gold.

Arrow Dogs of the World ETF (DOGS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund (JMF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Nuveen All Cap Energy MLP Opportunities Fund (JMLP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Coloplast (CLPBY) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

May 4, 2020
Carolina Financial (CARO) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.13 shares of UBSI for each share of CARO previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Source Dividend Opportunity ETF (DVOP) This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive 2 separate payments of $19.01272051 and $0.04610286 per share in cash.

Innovate Biopharmaceuticals (INNT) performed a ticker change to NMTR, and changed its corporate name to 9 Meters Biopharma.

FSB Bancorp (FSBC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Taronis Technologies (TRNX) was delisted to OTC.

May 1, 2020
Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp (TYG) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. This means shareholders will receive 1 share for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Tortoise Midstream Energy Fund (NTG) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will receive 1 share for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Tortoise Pipeline & Energy Fund (TTP) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. This means shareholders will receive 1 share for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Tortoise Energy Independence Fund (NDP) performed a 1 for 8 reverse split. This means shareholders will receive 1 share for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

iPath S&P GSCI Crude Oil Total Return ETN (OILNF) performed a 1 for 40 reverse split, and changed its ticker to OILND. This means shareholders will receive 1 share of OILND for every 40 shares of OILNF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Putnam Bank (PBBI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.25 per share in cash.

VanEck Vectors India Growth Leaders ETF (SCIF) performed a ticker change to GLIN.

VanEck Vectors China Growth Leaders ETF (PEK) performed a ticker change to GLCN.

ETRACS S&P GSCI Crude Oil Total Return Index ETN (OILX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.7874 per share in cash.

Market Vectors Double Long Euro ETN (URR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.931 per share in cash.

April 30, 2020
USCF SummerHaven SHPEN Index Fund (BUYN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Market Vectors Double Short Euro ETN (DRR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Reebonz Holding Limited Ordinary Shares (RBZ) performed a ticker change to RBZHF. The security was delisted to OTC.

Qualstar (QBAK) was delisted to OTC.

Source Dividend Opportunity ETF (DVOP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Market Vectors Double Long Euro ETN (URR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iPath Series B S&P GSCI Crude Oil ETN (OIL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.654 per share in cash.

April 29, 2020
United States Oil Fund, LP (USO) performed a 1 for 8 reverse split. This means shareholders will receive 1 share for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Silverbow Res In Warrant Expires 04/22/2020 (SSBBW) have expired worthless.

Windtree Therapeutics (WINT) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split and changed its ticker to WINTD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WINTD for every 3 shares of WINT previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Diamond Offshore Drilling (DO) performed a ticker change to DOFSQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Melinta Therapeutics (MLNTQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

April 28, 2020
Global X MLP ETF (MLPA) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MLPA for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Global X MLP & Energy Infrastructure ETF (MLPX) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MLPX for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Global X MSCI Colombia ETF (GXG) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GXG for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Global X MSCI Greece ETF (GREK) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GREK for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Global X MSCI Pakistan ETF (PAK) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PAK for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Mellanox Technologies (MLNX) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

April 27, 2020
Strategy Shares EcoLogical Strategy ETF (HECO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $36.70 per share in cash.

MutualFirst Financial Inc. Common Stock (MFSF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 2.4 shares of NWBI for each share of MFSF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Great Basin Scientific Inc. (GBSNQ) was delisted to OTC.

Barclays Bank PLC iPath Series B S&P GSCI Crude Oil (OIL) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

April 24, 2020
Diamond Eagle Acquisition (DEAC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of DKNG for each share of DEAC previously held.

Frontier Communications (FTR) performed a ticker change to FTRCQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

April 23, 2020
Changyou.com (CYOU) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.75 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 2X Shares (JNUG) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JNUG for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 2X Shares (JDST) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JDST for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 2X Shares (NUGT) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NUGT for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 2X Shares (DUST) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DUST for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Nabors Industries (NBR) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NBR for every 50 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 2X Shares (BRZU) performed a 1 for 35 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BRZU for every 35 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Technology Bear 3x Shares (TECS) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TECS for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X Shares (DPST) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DPST for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Robotics, Artificial Intelligence & Automation Index Bull 3x Shares (UBOT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of UBOT for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily S&P 500 High Beta Bull 3X Shares (HIBL) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HIBL for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Retail Bull 3X Shares (RETL) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RETL for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3x Shares ETF (TMV) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TMV for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares (ZMLP) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ZMLP for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

April 22, 2020
CREDIT SUISSE AG NASSAU BRH (UWTIF) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Barclays Bk PLC iPath S&P GSCI Crude Oil Total Return ETN due 08/14/2036 (OILNF) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

April 21, 2020
ProShares Ultra Bloomberg Crude Oil ETF (UCO) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of UCO for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraPro Short 20+ Year Treasury ETF (TTT) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TTT for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares UltraPro Short MidCap 400 ETF (SMDD) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SMDD for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares Ultra Oil & Gas (DIG) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DIG for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares K-1 Free Crude Oil Strategy ETF (OILK) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OILK for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ProShares Ultra Bloomberg Natural Gas ETF (BOIL) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BOIL for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Allegro Merger (ALGR) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $10.3049285 cash per each share of ALGR previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Strategy Shares EcoLogical Strategy ETF (HECO) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Melinta Therapeutics (MLNTQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Fellazo (FLZOF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.14463897 per share in cash.

April 20, 2020
Madison Square Garden (MSG) performed a ticker change to MSGS, and changed its corporate name to MSG Sports.

MSG Sports (MSGS) performed a spinoff of MSG Entertainment (MSGE). For every 1 shares of MSGS held, shareholders will receive 1 shares of MSGE.

Changyou.com (CYOU) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

April 17, 2020
Corium International (ZZCORI) contingent value rights (CVR) expired worthless.

Cypress Semiconductor (CY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.85 per share in cash.

Tallgrass Energy (TGE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.45 per share in cash.

Eco-Stim Energy Solutions (ESES) performed a ticker change to ESESQ.

Yuma Energy (YUMA) performed a ticker change to YUMAQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Roadrunner (RRTS) was delisted to OTC.

VelocityShares Short LIBOR ETN (DLBR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

VelocityShares Long LIBOR ETN (ULBR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Jumei (JEMI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.95 per share in cash.

April 16, 2020
Global Eagle (ENT) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ENT for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

AdvisorShares Cornerstone Small Cap ETF (SCAP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.69055 per share in cash.

April 15, 2020
Chesapeake Energy (CHK) performed a 1 for 200 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CHK for every 200 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

VanEck Vectors Energy Income ETF (EINC) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EINC for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals (CYCC) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CYCC for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

ToughBuilt Industries (TBLT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TBLT for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

China Recycling Energy (CREG) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CREG for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Benitec Biopharma (BNTC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6667 shares of new BNTC for each share of old BNTC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

VanEck Vectors Unconventional Oil & Gas ETF (FRAK) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FRAK for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

VanEck Vectors Coal ETF (KOL) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KOL for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

VanEck Vectors Oil Services ETF (OIH) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OIH for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

VanEck Vectors Rare Earth/Strategic Metals ETF (REMX) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of REMX for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Jumei (JEMI) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

CannTrust (CTST) performed a ticker change to CNTTQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Motif Bio (MTFB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.012915 per share in cash.

April 14, 2020
Goldman Sachs MLP Income Opportunities Fund (GMZ) performed a 1 for 7 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GMZ for every 7 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Goldman Sachs MLP Energy Renaissance Fund (GER) performed a 1 for 9 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GER for every 9 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

WeatherStorm Forensic Accounting Long-Short ETF (FLAG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.126982 per share in cash.

LSC Communications (LKSD) performed a ticker change to LKSDQ.

PGHEF escrow cusip (PGHEF^) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.01815911 per share in cash.

April 13, 2020
Mid-Con Energy (MCEP) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MCEP for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Westmoreland Coal Company (WLBAQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Westmoreland Resource Partners (WMLPQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Pacific Ventures Group (PACV) performed a 1 for 500 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PACV for every 500 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

WeatherStorm Forensic Accounting Long-Short ETF (FLAG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

AdvisorShares Cornerstone Small Cap ETF (SCAP) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

April 9, 2020
Foamix Pharmaceuticals Contingent Stock Right (FOMX^) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.2082 shares of MNLO for each share of FOMX^ previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Nidec Corporation ADR (NJDCY) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of NJDCY for every 1 share previously held.

Summit Wireless (WISA) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WISA for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Forty Seven (FTSV) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $95.50 per share in cash.

VelocityShares 1x Long VSTOXX Futures ETN (EVIX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.2432 per share in cash.

VelocityShares 1x Daily Inverse VSTOXX Futures ETN (EXIV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.4559 per share in cash.

UBS ETRACS - ProShares Daily 3x Long Crude ETN (WTIU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.2128 per share in cash.

April 8, 2020
Pensare Acquisition (WRLS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of AVCT for each share of WRLS previously held.

Forty Seven (FTSV) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Wedbush ETFMG Global Cloud Technology ETF (IFLY) performed a ticker change to IVES.

April 7, 2020
Southwest Georgia Financial (SGB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of FBMS for each share of SGB previously held.

Scorpio Bulkers (SALT) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SALT for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

BT Group (BTTGY) was liquidated and paid a dividend. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.776772 per share in cash for the liquidation and $0.279952 per share as a dividend payment.

April 6, 2020
Advanced Semiconductor (ASX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.1865 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X Shares (GASL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.4108 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Total Bond Market Bear ETF (SAGG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.6322 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Russia Bear 3x Shares (RUSS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.0861 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Developed Markets Bear 3x Shares (DPK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.8154 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Mid Cap Bear 3x ETF (MIDZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $70.8974 per share in cash.

Micron Solutions (MICR) was delisted to OTC.

VelocityShares 3x Long Crude Oil ETN (UWT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.1647 per share in cash.

VelocityShares 3x Inverse Crude Oil ETNs linked to the S&P GSCI Crude Oil Index ER (DWT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.7566 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X Shares (WDR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $40.7295652 per share in cash.

April 3, 2020
ProShares UltraPro 3x Short Crude Oil ETF (OILD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $45.52031 per share in cash.

Raytheon (RTN) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 2.3348 shares of RTX for each share of RTN previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

United Technologies (UTX) performed a spinoff of CARR. For every 1 share of UTX held, shareholders will receive 1 shares of CARR.

ProShares UltraPro 3x Crude Oil ETF (OILU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.2132 per share in cash.

iShares iBonds Mar 2020 Term Corporate ETF (IBDC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.0646 per share in cash.

ProShares Trust ProShares UltraPro Short NASDAQ Biotechnology (ZBIO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.0592 per share in cash.

ProShares Trust Proshares UltraPro Nasdaq Biotechnology (UBIO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.7670 per share in cash.

ProShares UltraPro Short Communication Services Select Sector (SCOM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.8944 per share in cash.

ProShares UltraPro Financial Select Sector (FINU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.1562 per share in cash.

United Technologies (UTX) performed a ticker change to RTX, and changed its corporate name to Raytheon.

United Technologies (UTX) performed a spinoff of OTIS. For every 2 shares of UTX held, shareholders will receive 1 shares of OTIS.

ProShares UltraPro Communication Services Select Sector (UCOM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.3899 per share in cash.

ProShares UltraPro Short Financial Select Sector ETF (FINZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.1378 per share in cash.

VelocityShares 3x Inverse Crude Oil ETNs linked to the S&P GSCI Crude Oil Index ER (DWT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

VelocityShares3x Long Crude Oil ETNs linked to the S&P GSCI Crude Oil Index ER (UWT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Key Energy Services (KEGXD) performed a ticker change to KEGX.

Southwest Georgia Financial (SGB) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

April 2, 2020
iShares iBonds Mar 2020 Term Corporate ex-Financials ETF (IBCD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.5803 per share in cash.

Dextera Escrow (DXTRQZZ) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.0719 per share in cash.

AVX Corporation (AVX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.7500 per share in cash.

OMNOVA Solutions (OMN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.1500 per share in cash.

Ra Pharmaceuticals (RARX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $48.0000 per share in cash.

Brookfield Asset Management (BAM) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of BAM for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Chanticleer Holdings (BURG) performed a 1 for 26 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to SONN. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SONN for every 26 shares of BURG previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. (BDCL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.4589 per share in cash.

2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development Company Index ETN Series B due May 24, 2041 (LBDC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.4589 per share in cash.

Obsidian Energy (OBE) performed a ticker change to OBELF. The security was delisted to OTC.

Resources Connection (RECN) performed a ticker change to RGP.

April 1, 2020
Telaria (TLRA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.0820 shares of RUBI for each share of TLRA previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

SPRINT (S) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.10256 of TMUS for each share of S previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Arconic (ARNC) performed a ticker change to HWM, and changed its corporate name to Howmet Aerospace.

Howmet Aerospace (HWM) performed a spinoff of new ARNC. For every 4 shares of HWM held, shareholders will receive 1 shares of new ARNC.

ETRACS Monthly Pay 2xLeveraged Dow Jones Select Dividend Index ETN (DVYL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $29.7394 per share in cash.

Primo Water (March 3rd PRMW delisted shares) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders who didn't elect an option will receive $5.04 and 0.6549 shares of new PRMW for each share of PRMW previously held. Shareholders will also receive a contra CUSIP, which represents the right to receive additional cash in the future.

OMNOVA Solutions (OMN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

AON (AON) had a domicile change from UK to Ireland, which resulted in a 1:1 CUSIP change.

A. Schulman CVR (SHLM^) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.909 per share in cash.

March 31, 2020
Brookfield Infrastructure (BIP) performed a spinoff of BIPC. For every 1 shares of BIP held, shareholders will receive 0.1111 shares of BIPC.

Reality Shares DIVCON Dividend Guard ETF (GARD) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.7335 shares of DFND for each share of GARD previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

InfraCap Active MLP ETF (AMZA) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AMZA for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

AquaVenture (WAAS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27 per share in cash.

Blue Cap Reins (BCRH) performed a ticker change to BCRHF. The security was delisted to OTC.

Morgan Stanley Market Vectors Renminbi/USD ETN (CNY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $43.60079 per share in cash.

Morgan Stanley Market Vectors Rupee/USD ETN (INR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $41.71674 per share in cash.

Carbo Ceramics (CRRT) performed a ticker change to CRRTQ.

iShares iBonds Mar 2020 Term Corporate ex-Financials ETF (IBCD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares iBonds Mar 2020 Term Corporate ETF (IBDC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

RAIT Financial Trust (RASFQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

EdtechX Holdings Acquisition (EDTX) performed a ticker change to METX, and changed its corporate name to Meten EdtechX Education Group

March 30, 2020
SPDR S&P Oil & Gas Exploration & Production ETF (XOP) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XOP for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

SPDR S&P Oil & Gas Equipment & Services ETF (XES) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XES for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Aircastle (AYR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $32 per share in cash.

AquaVenture (WAAS) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Diana Containerships (DCIX) performed a ticker change to PSHG, and changed its corporate name to Performance Shipping.

The following ETFs were delisted pending liquidation: DPK, FINU, FINZ, GASL, GASX, MIDZ, OILD, OILU, RUSS, UBIO, WDRW, ZBIO, SAGG, EUFL, UCOM and SCOM.

Reality Shares DIVCON Dividend Guard ETF (GARD) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

AVX Corporation (AVX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

March 27, 2020
Aptevo Therapeutics (APVO) performed a 1 for 14 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of APVO for every 14 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Latin America Bull ETF (LBJ) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LBJ for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Bear 3X Shares ETF (DRIP) performed a 12 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 12 shares of DRIP for every 1 share previously held.

Direxion Daily Natural Gas Bear 3X Shares (GASX) performed a 10 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 10 shares of GASX for every 1 share previously held.

Direxion Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X Shares (MEXX) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MEXX for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Aircastle (AYR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

ETRACS Monthly Pay 2xLeveraged MSCI US REIT Index ETN (LRET) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.44 per share in cash.

ETRACS Monthly Pay 2xLeveraged Closed-End Fund ETN (CEFL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.6457 per share in cash.

ETRACS Monthly Pay 2xLeveraged Closed-End Fund ETN Series B due December 10, 2043 (CEFZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.6457 per share in cash.

March 26, 2020
Columbia Sustainable Global Equity Income ETF (ESGW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.36922 per share in cash.

ETRACS Monthly Pay 2xLeveraged Diversified High Income ETN (DVHL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.1782 per share in cash.

UBS ETRACS - ProShares Daily 3x Inverse Crude ETN (WTID) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.1575 per share in cash.

Internap (INAP) performed a ticker change to INAPQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

March 25, 2020
Old Dominion Freight Line (ODFL) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of ODFL for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Ekso Bionics (EKSO) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EKOS for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

ETRACS Monthly Pay 2xLeveraged Mortgage REIT ETN (MORL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.201 per share in cash.

ETRACS Monthly Pay 2xLeveraged Mortgage REIT ETN Series B due October 16, 2042 (MRRL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.201 per share in cash.

ETRACS Monthly Pay 2xLeveraged Wells Fargo MLP Ex-Energy ETN (LMLP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.9551 per share in cash.

ETRACS Monthly Pay 2xLeveraged US High Dividend Low Volatility ETN (HDLV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.6531 per share in cash.

Interxion (INXN) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.8305746 and 0.6135643 shares of DLR for each share of INXN previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

March 24, 2020
Direxion Daily Energy Bull 3x Shares (ERX) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ERX for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Bull 3X Shares ETF (GUSH) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GUSH for every 40 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X Shares (GASL) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GASL for every 100 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Instructure (INST) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $49 per share in cash.

ETRACS 2xMonthly Leveraged S&P MLP Index ETN Series B (MLPZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.9858 per share in cash.

Taronis Fuels (TRFN) performed a ticker change to TRNF.

March 23, 2020
ETRACS Monthly Reset 2xLeveraged ISE Exclusively Homebuilders ETN (HOML) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.0524 per share in cash.

ETRACS Monthly Pay 2xLeveraged US Small Cap High Dividend ETN (SMHD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.4483 per share in cash.

March 20, 2020
Sanofi Contingent Value Rights (GCVRZ) were liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.8881 per share in cash.

US Gold Corp (USAU) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of USAU for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Yulong Eco-Materials (YECOF) performed a ticker change to YECO.

March 19, 2020
NewLink Genetics (NLNK) performed a 1 for 9 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to LUMO. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LUUMO for every 9 shares of NLNK previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Janus Detroit Street Trust The Organics ETF (ORG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.1026 per share in cash.

Janus Detroit Street Trust The Obesity ETF (SLIM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $34.123609 per share in cash..

The Habit Restaurants (HABT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14 per share in cash.

Credit Suisse X-Links Monthly Pay 2xLeveraged Alerian MLP Index ETN (AMJL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.5498 per share in cash.

ETRACS 2xMonthly Leveraged Alerian MLP Infrastructure Index (MLPQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.8445 per share in cash.

March 18, 2020
Telus Corporation (TU) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of TU for every 1 share previously held.

Tiberius Acquisition Corporation (TIBR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

March 16, 2020
Pattern Energy (PEGI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.75 per share in cash.

Summer Infant (SUMR) performed a 1 for 9 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SUMR for every 9 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

iPath US Treasury 10-year Bear ETN (DTYS) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DTYS for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Barclays PLC Barclays Inverse US Treasury Aggregate ETN (TAPR) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TAPR for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

iPath US Treasury Long Bond Bear ETN (DLBS) performed a 1 for 75 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DLBS for every 75 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Bat Group (GLG) changed its corporate name to TD Holdings, and changed its CUSIP number.

WisdomTree U.S. Total Market Fund (EXT) performed a ticker change to RESP, and changed its corporate name to WisdomTree U.S. ESG Fund.

WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged International Quality Dividend Growth ETF (DHDG) performed a ticker change to RESD.

WisdomTree Emerging Markets Dividend Fund (DVEM) performed a ticker change to RESE.

AK Steel (AKS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4 shares of CLF for each share of AKS previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

March 13, 2020
Spherix (SPEX) performed a ticker change to AIKI, and changed its corporate name to AIkido Pharma.

CTI Industries (CTIB) changed its corporate name to Yunhong CTI.

Organics ETF (ORG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Obesity ETF (SLIM) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

DD3 Acquisition (DDMX) performed a ticker change to BWMX, and changed its corporate name to Betterware de Mxico.

Interxion (INXN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

AK Steel (AKS) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

March 12, 2020
Independence Contract (ICD) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ICD for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

March 11, 2020
Foresight Energy (FELPU) performed a ticker change to FELPQ.

March 10, 2020
Zayo Group (ZAYO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $35 per share in cash.

Blue Bird Corp (BLBDW) warrants have expired worthless.

Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Income Fund (INF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6249 shares of RA for each share of INF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Foamix Pharmaceuticals (FOMX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5924 shares of MNLO for each share of FOMX previously held, with fractional shares paid as cash in lieu. Additionally, shareholders will receive a CSR, which pays additional shares if the company hits certain milestones.

Sito Mobile (SITO) was delisted to OTC.

March 9, 2020
Key Energy Services (KEGX) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to KEGXD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KEGXD for every 50 shares of KEGX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Glowpoint (GLOW) performed a ticker change to OBLG, and changed its corporate name to Oblong.

Brookfield Global Listed Infrastructure Income Fund (INF) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Zayo Group (ZAYO) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

iPath US Treasury Long Bond Bear ETN (DLBS) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

March 6, 2020
Health Insurance Innovations (HIIQ) performed a ticker change to BFYT, and changed its corporate name to Benefytt Technologies.

ChaSerg (CTAC) performed a ticker change to GDYN, and changed its corporate name to Grid Dynamics.

Real Goods Solar (RGSE) performed a ticker change to RGSEQ.

March 5, 2020
CSS Industries (CSS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.40 per share in cash.

Brasileira De Distribuicao (CBD) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change. The new shares of CBD are now tradeable on Robinhood.

Paringa Resources (PNRL) performed a ticker change to PNRLY. The security was delisted to OTC.

Sanofi (GCVRZ) contingent value rights (CVR) expired worthless.

March 4, 2020
CSS Industries (CSS) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

March 3, 2020
Primo Water (old PRMW) was delisted pending a merger with Cott (COT).

Cott (COT) performed a ticker change to new PRMW, and changed its corporate name to Primo Water.

Midatech Pharma (MTP) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MTP for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Trane Technologies (TT) performed a spinoff of new IR. For every 1 share of TT held, shareholders will receive 0.8824 shares of new IR.

Chesapeake Granite Wash (CHKR) was delisted to OTC.

March 2, 2020
Gardner Denver (GDI) performed a ticker change to IR (new IR), and changed its corporate name to Ingersoll Rand.

Ingersoll-Rand (IR) performed a ticker change to TT (Old IR), and changed its corporate name to Trane Technologies.

February 28, 2020
Sigma Labs (SGLB) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SGLB for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Seaspan (SSW) performed a ticker change to ATCO, and changed its corporate name to Atlas Corporation.

February 26, 2020
PowerShares DWA Tactical Multi-Asset Income ETF (DWIN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.9639 per share in cash.

Guggenheim S&P High Income Infrastructure ETF (GHII) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.8681 per share in cash.

Invesco Corporate Income Value ETF (IHYV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.7996 per share in cash.

Invesco Multi-Factor Core Plus Fixed Income ETF (IMFP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.9643 per share in cash.

Guggenheim S&P Global Dividend Opportunities ETF (LVL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.3919 per share in cash.

Guggenheim MSCI Emerging Markets Equal Country Weight ETF (EWEM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.3228 per share in cash.

Guggenheim Shipping ETF (SEA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.3492 per share in cash.

Invesco Emerging Markets Debt Defensive ETF (IEMD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.0170 per share in cash.

Invesco Emerging Markets Debt Value ETF (IEMV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.0040 per share in cash.

Invesco Corporate Income Defensive ETF (IHYD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.0643 per share in cash.

Invesco Multi-Factor Core Fixed Income ETF (IMFC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.9258 per share in cash.

PowerShares LadderRite 0-5 Year Corporate Bond Portfolio (LDRI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.9136 per share in cash.

PowerShares DWA Tactical Sector Rotation Portfolio (DWTR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $35.3454 per share in cash.

PowerShares DWA Tactical Sector Rotation Portfolio (DWAQ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $137.6176 per share in cash.

Guggenheim BRIC ETF (EEB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $39.2804 per share in cash.

Guggenheim Insider Sentiment ETF (NFO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $75.5397 per share in cash.

Guggenheim China Real Estate ETF (TAO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.0036 per share in cash.

Guggenheim China Small Cap ETF (HAO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.2207 per share in cash.

Diversified Restaurant Holdings (SAUC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.0500 per share in cash.

Guggenheim Frontier Markets ETF (FRN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.2852 per share in cash.

Invesco International Ultra Dividend Revenue ETF (RIDV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.7026 per share in cash.

Invesco Russell 1000 Value Factor ETF (OVLU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.1658 per share in cash.

Invesco Global Revenue ETF (RGLB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.4144 per share in cash.

Invesco Global ESG Revenue ETF (ESGF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.7813 per share in cash.

Invesco Emerging Markets Revenue ETF (REEM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.6694 per share in cash.

BLDRS Developed Markets ADR ETF (ADRD) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $22.09 cash per each share of ADRD previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

BLDRS Asia 50 ADR fund (ADRA) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $34.41573 cash per each share of ADRA previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

BLDRS Europe Select ADR Index Fund (ADRU) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $21.51277 cash per each share of ADRU previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

February 25, 2020
Winthrop Realty (FUR) contingent value rights (CVR) expired worthless.

Dermira (DERM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.75 per share in cash.

February 24, 2020
Insys Therapeutics (INSYQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Sibanye-Stillwater (SBGL) performed a ticker change to SBSW.

February 21, 2020
Check-Cap (CHEKW) warrants have expired worthless.

Dermira (DERM) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

February 20, 2020
AVEO Pharmaceuticals (AVEO) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AVEO for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Power Financial (POFNF) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.0076 and 1.05 shares of PWCDF for each share of POFNF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Halcon Resources (HALC) performed a ticker change to BATL, and changed its corporate name to Battalion Oil.

Valeritas (VLRX) performed a ticker change to VLRXQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

YayYo (YAYO) was delisted to OTC.

February 19, 2020
Nuveen Texas Quality Municipal Income Fund (NTX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9825 shares of NAD for each share of NTX previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

DD3 Acquisition (DDMX) had a domicile change from Virgin Islands to Mexico, which resulted in a 1:1 CUSIP change.

TKK Symphony Acquisition (TKKS) performed a ticker change to GSMG, and changed its corporate name to Glory Star New Media.

Essity (ESSYY) was delisted. The ADR is currently not trading.

February 18, 2020
Fusion Connect (FSNNQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

B. Riley Principal Merger (BRPM) performed a ticker change to ALTG, and changed its corporate name to Alta Equipment Group.

Ladenburg Thalmann (LTS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.50 per share in cash.

Boxwood Merger (BWMC) performed a ticker change to ATCX, and changed its corporate name to Atlas Technical Consultants.

Nuveen Texas Quality Municipal Income Fund (NTX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

The following Invesco ETFs were delisted pending liquidation: DWAQ, DWIN, DWTR, LDRI, LVL, FXCH, HAO, REDV, IHYV, IHYD, IMFC, NFO, TAO, GHII, IMFP, IEMV, FRN, EEB, RIDV, ESGL, IEMD, FXSG, EWEM, PMR, RWW, ESGF, SEA, FXS and AOIL.

February 14, 2020
Emerald Expositions Events (EEX) changed its corporate name to Emerald Holding, and changed its CUSIP number.

Invesco BLDRS Developed Markets 100 ADR Index Fund (ADRD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Ladenburg Thalmann (LTS) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

McClatchy (MNI) performed a ticker change to MNIQQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Invesco BLDRS Asia 50 ADR Index Fund (ADRA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Invesco BLDRS Europe Select ADR Index Fund (ADRU) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

February 13, 2020
Diplomat Pharmacy (DPLO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4 per share in cash.

Care.com (CRCM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15 per share in cash.

Cohen & Steers Quality Income Realty Fund (RQI) rights are no longer trading. The last day to exercise is today.

FRONTEO (FTEO) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

February 12, 2020
InVivo Therapeutics (NVIV) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NVIV for every 30 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Halcon Resources (HALC) changed its corporate name to Battalion Oil Corporation, and changed its CUSIP number.

JMU (JMU) performed a ticker change to MFH.

DragonWave (DRWIQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

February 11, 2020
IQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. ETF (AGGE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.6323 per share in cash.

Gores Holdings III (GRSH) performed a ticker change to PAE, and changed its corporate name to PAE Inc.

MAV Beauty Brands (MVPD) performed a ticker change to MVPDF. The security was delisted to OTC.

February 10, 2020
GS Acquisition Holdings (GSAH) performed a ticker change to VRT, and changed its corporate name to Vertiv Holdings.

Bellerophon Therapeutics (BLPH) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BLPH for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Parker Drilling (PKD) performed a ticker change to PKDC. The security was delisted to OTC.

Diplomat Pharmacy (DPLO) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Carolina Trust (CART) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

February 7, 2020
Innophos (IPHS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $32 per share in cash.

William Lyon Homes (WLH) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $2.50 and 0.80 shares of TMHC for each share of WLH previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Alcentra Capital (ABDC) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $2.3784 and 0.4041 shares of CCAP for each share of ABDC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

February 6, 2020
SG Blocks (SGBX) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SGBX for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Bellicum Pharmaceuticals (BLCM) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of 10 for every BLCM shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

William Lyon Homes (WLH) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

February 5, 2020
SenesTech (SNES) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SNES for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

IQ Enhanced Core Bond U.S. ETF (AGGE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Aevi Genomic Medicine (GNMX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0334 shares of CERC for each share of GNMX previously held, with fractional shares paid as cash in lieu. Additionally, shareholders will receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

February 4, 2020
ContraFect (CFRX) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CFRX for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Liberty Property Trust (LPT) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6750 shares of PLD for each share of LPT previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

United Community Financial (UCFC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3715 shares of FDEF for each share of UCFC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Aevi Genomic Medicine (GNMX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Southcross Energy Partners (SXEEQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

February 3, 2020
Aqua America (WTR) performed a ticker change to WTRG, and changed its corporate name to Essential Utilities.

Continental Building Products (CBPX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $37 per share in cash.

Option Care Health (BIOS) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to OPCH. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OPCH for every 4 shares of BIOS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Intrexon (XON) performed a ticker change to PGEN, and changed its corporate name to Precigen.

Cision (CISN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10 per share in cash.

Alcentra Capital (ABDC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Federated Hermes (FII) performed a ticker change to FHI.

Estre Ambiental (ESTR) performed a ticker change to ESTRF. The security was delisted to OTC.

United Community Financial (UCFC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Infrastructure and Energy Alternatives (IEA) distributed 1 right for every 1 share currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

January, 31 2020
Fifth Street Asset Management (FSAM) performed a spinoff of OCSL. For every 1 shares of FSAM held, shareholders will receive 0.0678 shares of OCSL.

Myomo (MYO) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MYO for every 30 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Pickens Morningstar Renewable Energy Response ETF (RENW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.01438736 per share in cash.

Cision (CISN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

January 30, 2020
Pickens Morningstar Renewable Energy Response ETF (RENW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

January 29, 2020
Achillion Pharmaceuticals (ACHN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.30 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (ACHN^), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Acutant Corp (EPAC) changed its corporate name to Enerpac Tool Group, and changed its CUSIP number.

January 28, 2020
Gulf Resources (GURE) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GURE for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

GUE Liq COS INC (FTDCQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

CPFL Energia ADR (CPL) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Pivotal (PVT) performed a ticker change to KLDI, and changed its corporate name to KLDiscovery.

January 27, 2020
EnCana Corporation (ECA) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to OVV. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OVV for every 5 shares of ECA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

WisdomTree Balanced Income Fund (WBAL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.785264 per share in cash.

WisdomTree Dynamic Bearish US Equity ETF (DYB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.879153 per share in cash.

January 24, 2020
WellCare (WCG) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $120 and 3.38 shares of CNC for each share of WCG previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Synthorx (THOR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

January 23, 2020
CSOP FTSE China A50 ETF (AFTY) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of new AFTY for each share of old AFTY previously held.

Sierra Oncology (SRRA) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SRRA for every 40 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Mcdermott (MDR) performed a ticker change to MDR. The security was delisted to OTC.

Delcath Systems (DCTHD) performed a ticker change to DTCH.

Teekay Offshore Partners (TOO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.55 per share in cash.

January 21, 2020
Mosaic Acquisition (MOSC) performed a ticker change to VVNT, and changed its corporate name to Vivint Smart Home.

LRAD Corporation (GNSS) changed its corporate name to Genasys, and changed its CUSIP number.

WisdomTree Dynamic Bearish U.S. Equity Fund (DYB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

WisdomTree Balanced Income Fund (WBAL) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

SiNtx Technologies (SINT) distributed 1 right for every 1 share currently held on record (record date 1/17/2020). The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

January 17, 2020
ArQule (ARQL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20 per share in cash.

FFBW Inc. (FFBW) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.173 shares of new FFWB for each share of old FFBW previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Novelion Therapeutics (NVLNF) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

January 16, 2020
Yield10 Bioscience (YTEN) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of YTEN for every 40 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Audentes Therapeutics (BOLD) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $60 per share in cash.

January 15, 2020
Phio Pharmaceutical (PHIO) performed a 1 for 55 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PHIO for every 55 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Interpace Biosciences (IDXG) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IDXG for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

SRC Energy (SRCI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.158 shares of PDCE for each share of SRCI previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Cushing 30 MLP Index ETNs due June 15, 2037 (PPLN) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

January 14, 2020
Nippon Telegraph and Telephone (NTTYY) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of NTTYY for every 1 share previously held.

AXA Equitable Holdings (EQH) changed its corporate name to Equitable Holdings, and changed its CUSIP number.

AIRT Preferred (AIRTP) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AIRTP for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Jason Industries (JASN) was delisted to OTC.

Melinta Therapeutics (MLNT) performed a ticker change to MLNTQ.

Giga-tronics (GIGAD) performed a ticker change to GIGA.

January 13, 2020
Pengrowth Energy Corporation (PGHEF) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.0383 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP (PGHEF^), which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Melinta Therapeutics (MLNT) was delisted to OTC.

Bank of New Jersey (BKJ) was suspended pending a merger. Details are still pending.

WisdomTree Japan Multifactor Fund (JAMF) performed a ticker change to JNMF.

January 10, 2020
Proteon Therapeutics (PRTO) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to TARA. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TARA for every 40 shares of PRTO previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Jumei International Holding (JMEI) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JMEI for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Ferrellgas (FGP) performed a ticker change to FGPR. The security was delisted to OTC.

Jagged Peak Energy (JAG) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.447 shares of PE for each share of JAG previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

January 9, 2020
Renren (RENN) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RENN for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Wesco Aircraft (WAIR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.05 per share in cash.

Legacy Reserves (LGCYQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Pengrowth Energy (PGHEF) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

January 8, 2020
Medicines Company (MDCO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $85 per share in cash.

China Lending Corporation Warrant Exp 03/30/2021 (CLDCF) performed a ticker change to RONWF, and changed its corporate name to ROAN HLDGS GROUP CO LTD Warrant.

China Lending (CLDOF) performed a ticker change to RAHGF, and changed its corporate name to Roan Holdings Group.

January 7, 2020
Emmis Communications (EMMS) performed a spinoff of MDIAV. For every 1 shares of EMMS held, shareholders will receive 0.1265 shares of MDIAV.

Inpixon (INPX) performed a 1 for 45 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of INPX for every 45 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

NF Energy (BIMI) changed its corporate name to BOQI INTERNATIONAL MEDICAL, and changed its CUSIP number.

January 6, 2020
China Finance Online (JRJC) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JRJC for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Second Sight Medical Products (EYES) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EYES for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Second Sight Medical Products Warrant (EYESW) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EYESW for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

U.S. Energy (USEG) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of USEG for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Piper Sandler (PJC) performed a ticker change to PIPR.

Avon (AVP) was delisted pending a stock merger with NTCO.

January 3, 2020
Entegra Financial (ENFC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.18 per share in cash.

Two River Community Bank (TRCB) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $5.375 and 0.6663 shares of OCFC for each share of TRCB previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Industrial Services of America (IDSA) was delisted pending a stock merger. Details are still pending.

January 2, 2020
Tortoise Cloud Infrastructure Fund (TCLD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.07 per share in cash.

StoneMor (STON) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Sears Holdings Corporation (SHLWQ) warrants have expired worthless.

Senior Housing Properties Trust (SNH) performed a ticker change to DHC, and changed its corporate name to Diversified Healthcare Trust.

Senior Housing Properties Trust (SNH) performed a spinoff of FVE. For every 1 shares of SNH held, shareholders will receive 0.0678 shares of FVE.

Cohen & Steers Global Realty Majors ETF (GRI) performed a ticker change to RDOG, and changed its corporate name to ALPS REIT Dividend Dogs.

The Carlyle Group (CG) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Career Education (CECO) performed a ticker change to PRDO, and changed its corporate name to Perdoceo Education.

Spirit MTA REIT Common Shares of Beneficial Interest (SMTA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Carolina Trust (CART) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

Entegra Financial (ENFC) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

NII Holdings (NIHD) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

December 31, 2019
Genesee & Wyoming (GWR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $112 per share in cash.

Gemphire Therapeutics (GEMP) performed a 1 for 25 reverse split, and changed its ticker symbol to NRBO. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NRBO for every 25 shares of GEMP previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu. Additionally, shareholders will receive a contingent value right (NRBO^), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones. Fractional shares will not be paid on the CVR.

Inmarsat (IMASY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.04 per share in cash.

Carbonite (CARB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23 per share in cash.

GUE Liq COS INC Common Stock (FTDCQ) changed its corporate name to GUE LIQ COS INC BE, and changed its CUSIP number.

Industrial Services of America (IDSA) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

December 30, 2019
YY Inc. American Depositary Shares (YY) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

AdvisorShares Pacific Asset Enhanced Floating rate ETF (FLRT) changed its corporate name to Pacific Global Senior Loan ETF, and changed its CUSIP number.

Ecology and Environment (EEI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15 per share in cash.

Pivotal Software (PVTL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15 per share in cash.

Defiance Next Gen Video Gaming ETF (VIDG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.67969161 per share in cash.

Candente Gold Corp (CDG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.825136 per share in cash.

AGFiQ U.S. Market Neutral Size Fund (SIZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.4319 per share in cash.

MEDOVEX (MDVXW) warrants have expired worthless.

Genesee & Wyoming (GWR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Emerge Energy Services (EMESQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

December 27, 2019
Owens Illinois (OI) changed its corporate name to O-I Glass, and changed its CUSIP number.

Recon Technology (RCON) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RCON for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be Rounded up to the nearest share.

Ability (ABIL) performed a ticker change to ABILF. The security was delisted to OTC.

Growlife (PHOTD) performed a ticker change to PHOT.

GDS Holdings (GDS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Defiance Next Gen Video Gaming ETFM (VIDG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Real Goods Solar (RGSE) rights expired worthless.

December 26, 2019
Superior Energy Services (SPNVD) performed a ticker change to SPN.

Carbonite (CARB) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 24, 2019
Carrizo Oil & Gas (CRZO) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.75 shares of CPE for each share of CRZO previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

QuickLogic (QUIK) performed a 1 for 14 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of QUIK for every 14 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Cohen & Steers Global Income Builder (INB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3526 shares of UTF for each share of INB previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Delcath Sys (DCTH) performed a 1 for 700 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DCTH for every 700 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

WildBrain Ltd (DHXM) was suspended pending a merger. Details are still pending.

December 23, 2019
Nuveen Mortgage Opportunity Term Fund 2 (JMT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.0543 per share in cash.

VelocityShares 3x Long Natural Gas ETN linked to the S&P GSCI Natural Gas Index Excess Return (UGAZ) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of UGAZ for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Nova Lifestyle (NVFY) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NVFY for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Twelve Seas (BROG) changed its corporate name to Brooge Holdings, and changed its CUSIP number.

Carrizo Oil & Gas (CRZO) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Cohen & Steers Global Income Builder (INB) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Quarterhill (QTRH) performed a ticker change to QTRHF. The security was delisted to OTC.

Hornbeck Offshore Services (HOS) performed a ticker change to HOSS. The security was delisted to OTC.

North American Palladium (PALDF) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.98 per share in cash.

DHX Media (DHXM) changed its corporate name to WildBrain Ltd, and changed its CUSIP number.

Carbo Ceramics (CRR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

December 20, 2019
Spark Therapeutics (ONCE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $114.50 per share in cash.

Protalix BioTherapeutics (PLX) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PLX for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Superior Energy Services (SPNV) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SPNV for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Amira Nature Foods (ANFI) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to RYCE. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RYCE for every 20 shares of ANFI previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Naked Brand (NAKD) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NAKD for every 100 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Presidio (PSDO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.60 per share in cash.

Pivotal Acquisition(PVT) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

PIMCO 1-3 Year US Treasury Fund (TUZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $50.820985 per share in cash.

December 19, 2019
iShares iBonds Dec 2019 Term Corporate ETF (IBDK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.8749 per share in cash.

Ascena Retail Group (ASNA) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ASNA for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Arotech (ARTX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.00 per share in cash.

Euroseas (ESEA) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ESEA for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

United States 3X Short Oil Fund (USOD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.0733 per share in cash.

Health Sciences (HSAC) performed a ticker change to IMVT, and changed its corporate name to Immunovant.

New Frontier (NFC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of NFH for each share of NFC previously held.

United States 3X Oil Fund (USOU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.3210 per share in cash.

OHA Investment (OHAI) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive a $0.42189588 cash payment, a $0.14871812 cash payment and 0.3688 shares of PTMN for each share of OHAI previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

December 18, 2019
DGSE Companies (DGSE) performed a ticker change to ELA, and changed its corporate name to Envela Corp.

Cloud Peak Energy (CLDPQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Spark Therapeutics (ONCE) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

Invesco BulletShares 2019 Corporate Bond ETF (BSCJ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.08634425 per share in cash.

Invesco BulletShares 2019 High Yield Corporate Bond ETF (BSJJ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.90181063 per share in cash.

December 17, 2019
Vitamin Shoppe (VSI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.50 per share in cash.

Giga-tronics (GIGA) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to GIGAD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GIGAD for every 15 shares of GIGA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Guggenheim BulletShares 2019 Corporate Bond ETF (BSCJ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

iShares iBonds Dec 2019 Term Corporate ETF (IBDK) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

North American Palladium (PALDF) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Sienna Biopharmaceuticals (SNNA) performed a ticker change to SNNAQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

December 16, 2019
Fibrocell Science (FCSC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.00 per share in cash.

Weatherford Intl (WFTIQ) performed a reorganization. Shareholders will receive 0.00069356 new shares of WFTI and 0.00770444 warrants for each share of WFTIQ previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded down.

Regalwood Global Energy (RWGE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3708 per share in cash.

Salt Low truBeta US Market ETF (LSLT) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

ShiftPixy (PIXY) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PIXY for every 40 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Nuveen Mortgage Opportunity Term Fund 2 (JMT) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

American Energy Independence ETF (USAI) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

December 13, 2019
Constellium (CSTM) had a domicile change from Netherlands to France, which resulted in a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Fibrocell Science (FCSC) was suspended pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Legacy Reserves (LGCYQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

United States 3x Short Oil Fund (USOD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

United States 3X Oil Fund (USOU) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 12, 2019
iMedia Brands (IMBI) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IMBI for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

TransEnterix (TRXC) performed a 1 for 13 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TRXC for every 13 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

PIMCO 1-3 Year US Treasury Fund (TUZ) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

December 10, 2019
Celadon Group (CGIP) performed a ticker change to CGIPQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

DISH Network (DISHR) rights expired worthless.

RiverNorth/DoubleLine Strategic Opportunity Fund (OPP^) rights expired worthless.

Jacobs Engineering (JEC) performed a ticker change to J.

ReShape Lifesciences (RSLSD) performed a ticker change to RSLS.

December 9, 2019
BB&T (BBT) performed a ticker change to TFC, and changed its corporate name to Truist Financial.

SunTrust Bank (STI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.295 shares of TFC for each share of STI previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

December 6, 2019
Roan Resources (ROAN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.52 per share in cash.

Forward Pharma (FWP) performed a 1 for 7 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FWP for every 7 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Taronis Technologies (TRNX) performed a spinoff of TRNX-F. For every 1 shares of TRNX held, shareholders will receive 5 shares of TRNX-F.

December 5, 2019
Nemaura Medical (NMRD) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NMRD for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Lazard World Dividend & Income Fund (LOR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6185 shares of LGI for each share of LOR previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

CBS Corporation Class B (CBS) performed a ticker change to VIAC, and changed its corporate name to ViacomCBS Inc. Class B Common Stock.

CBS Corporation Class A (CBS.A) performed a ticker change to VIACA, and changed its corporate name to ViacomCBS Inc. Class A Common Stock.

Viacom Inc. Class A Common Stock (VIA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5962 shares of VIACA for each share of VIA previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Viacom Inc. Class B Common Stock (VIAB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5962 shares of VIAC for each share of VIAB previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Semgroup (SEMG) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $6.80 and 0.7275 shares of ET for each share of SEMG previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

December 4, 2019
Cimpress (CMPR) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Lazard World Dividend & Income Fund (LOR) was delisted pending a fund merger. Details are still pending.

Cambrex (CBM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $60 per share in cash.

December 3, 2019
China Rapid Finance (XRF) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XRF for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Basis Energy Services (BAS) performed a ticker change to BASX. The security was delisted to OTC.

December 2, 2019
VelocityShares Daily 2x VIX Short Term ETN (TVIX) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TVIX for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

VelocityShares VIX Short Term ETN (VIIX) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VIIX for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Oritani Financial (ORIT) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.6 shares of VLY for each share of ORIT previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

VanEck Vectors High Income MLP ETF (YMLP) performed a ticker change to EINC, and changed its corporate name to VanEck Vectors Energy Income ETF.

Internet Gold Golden Lines (IGLD) performed a ticker change to IGLDF. The security was delisted to OTC.

Nuveen High Income December 2019 Target Term Fund (JHD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.9063 per share in cash.

DNB Financial (DNBF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.22 shares of STBA for each share of DNBF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

November 29, 2019
Sequans Communications (SQNS) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SQNS for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Comstock Mining (LODE) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LODE for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

PPDAI Group (PPDF) performed a ticker change to FINV, and changed its corporate name to FinVolution.

Key Energy Services (KEG) performed a ticker change to KEGX. The security was delisted to OTC.

November 27, 2019
Growlife (PHOT) performed a 1 for 150 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to PHOTD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PHOTD for every 150 shares of PHOT previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Cushing Energy Supply Chain & MLP ETF (XLSY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.06 per share in cash.

Cushing Energy & MLP ETF (XLEY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.5305658 per share in cash.

Cushing Utility & MLP ETF (XLUY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.95008125 per share in cash.

Cushing Transportation & MLP ETF (XLTY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.147059 per share in cash.

November 26, 2019
Sundance Energy (SNDE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1 shares of new SNDE for each share of old SNDE previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

DITECH HLDG CORP (DHCBW and DHCPW) warrants have expired worthless.

GigCapital (GIG) performed a ticker change to KLR, and changed its corporate name to Kaleyra.

November 25, 2019
Bristow Group (BRSWQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Teekay Tankers (TNK) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TNK for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Akers Biosciences (AKER) performed a 1 for 24 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AKER for every 24 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Ameri Holdings (AMRH) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AMRH for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF (COMG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.5324 per share in cash.

Old Line Bank (OLBK) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.7844 shares of WSBC for each share of OLBK previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

DISH Network (DISH) distributed 1 right for every 18.475 shares currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

Nuveen High Income December 2019 Target Term Fund (JHD) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Cushing Energy & MLP ETF (XLEY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending

Cushing Utility & MLP ETF (XLUY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending

Cushing Transportation & MLP ETF (XLTY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending

Cushing Energy Supply Chain & MLP ETF (XLSY) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending

November 22, 2019
Direxion Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Bull 3X Shares ETF (GUSH) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GUSH for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Milacron (MCRN) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $11.80 and 0.1612 shares of HI for each share of MCRN previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

InsightShares LGBT Employment Equality ETF (PRID) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.3670 per share in cash.

Till Capital (TILCF) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

InsightShares Patriotic Employers ETF (HONR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.5434 per share in cash.

Recro Pharma (REPH) performed a spinoff of BXRXWI. For every 5 shares of REPH held, shareholders will receive 2 shares of BXRXWI.

Advanced Viral Research Corp (ADVR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.365 shares of GKOS for each share of ADVR previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Nuvectra (NVTR) performed a ticker change to NVTRQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

BioAmber (BIOAQ) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

November 21, 2019
Celgene (CELG) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $50 and 1 share of BMY for each share of CELG previously held. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

TPG Pace Holdings (TPGH) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of ACEL for each share of TPGH previously held.

Deutsche X-trackers FTSE Emerging Comprehensive Factor ETF (DEMG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.95966 per share in cash.

Deutsche X-trackers Russell 2000 Comprehensive Factor ETF (DESC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $34.77149 per share in cash.

Deutsche X-trackers Barclays International Corporate Bond Hedged ETF (IFIX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $52.3975 per share in cash.

Milacron (MCRN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

InsightShares Patriotic Employers ETF (HONR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

InsightShares LGBT Employment Equality ETF (PRID) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

November 20, 2019
New Media Investment (NEWM) performed a ticker change to GCI, and changed its corporate name to Gannett.

Gannett (GCI) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $6.25 and 0.5427 shares of new GCI for each share of old GCI previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Approach Resources (AREX) performed a ticker change to AREXQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

November 19, 2019
NeuroMetrix (NURO) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NURO for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

NeuroMetrix WarrantS (NUROW) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NUROW for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded down.

My Size (MYSZ) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MYSZ for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Nuveen North Carolina Quality Municipal Income Fund (NNC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.9776 shares of NEA for each share of NNC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Empire Resorts (NYNY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.74 per share in cash.

Virtus Total Return Fund (ZF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.039518 shares of ZTR for each share of ZF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Nuveen Connecticut Quality Municipal Income Fund (NTC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.75494913 shares of NVG for each share of NTC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Sentinel Energy Services (STNL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.30409228 per share in cash.

Applied DNA Sciences (APDNW) warrants have expired worthless.

November 18, 2019
Benitec Biopharma (BNTC) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BNTC for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

DarioHealth (DRIO) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DRIO for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

AGFiQ US Market Neutral Anti-Beta ETF (BTAL) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

AGFiQ Hedged Dividend Income ETF (DIVA) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

AGFiQ Global Infrastructure ETF (GLIF) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

AGFiQ US Market Neutral Momentum ETF (MOM) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

AGFiQ US Market Neutral Value ETF (CHEP) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

AGFiQ Dynamic Hedged U.S. Equity ETF (USHG) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Virtus Total Return Fund (ZF) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Empire Resorts (NYNY) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

GraniteShares S&P GSCI Commodity Broad Strategy No K-1 ETF (COMG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Nuveen North Carolina Quality Municipal Income Fund (NNC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Nuveen Connecticut Quality Municipal Income Fund (NTC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

November 15, 2019
Alimera Sciences (ALIM) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ALIM for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Trinity Merger Corp (TMCX) performed a ticker change to BRMK, and changed its corporate name to Broadmark Realty Capital

Franchise Group (FRGA) performed a ticker change to FRG.

November 13, 2019
Genomic Health (GHDX) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $27.50 and 0.45043 shares of EXAS for each share of GHDX previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Dean Foods (DF) performed a ticker change to DFODQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Aberdeen Income Credit Strategies Fund (ACP^) rights are no longer trading. The last day to exercise is today.

Dova Pharmaceuticals (DOVA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.50 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

Deutsche X-trackers FTSE Emerging Comprehensive Factor ETF (DEMG) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Deutsche X-trackers Barclays International Corporate Bond Hedged ETF (IFIX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Deutsche X-trackers Russell 2000 Comprehensive Factor ETF (DESC) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

November 12, 2019
ReShape Lifesciences (RSLS) performed a 1 for 120 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RSLS for every 120 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

VICON INDS INC (VCOND) performed a ticker change to VCON.

FC Global Realty (FCRE) performed a ticker change to GADS, and changed its corporate name to Gadsden Properties.

Foresight Energy LP (FELP) performed a ticker change to FELPU. The security was delisted to OTC.

November 11, 2019
Soleno Therapeutics (SLNOW) warrants have expired worthless.

Tile Shop (TTS) performed a ticker change to TTSH. The security was delisted to OTC.

DFB Healthcare (DFBH) performed a ticker change to AHCO, and changed its corporate name to AdaptHealth Corp.

November 8, 2019
SELLAS Life Sciences (SLS) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SLS for every 50 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Restoration Robotics (HAIR) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to VERO. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of Venus Concept (VERO) for every 15 shares of HAIR previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Ship Finance International (SFL) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Sky Solar Holdings (SKYS) performed a 2 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SKYS for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

TRACON Pharmaceuticals (TCON) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TCON for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

BBVA Frances (BBAR) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Aptus Behavioral Momentum ETF Behavioral Momentum ETF (BEMO) performed a ticker change to ADME.

Sentinel Energy Services (STNL) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

November 6, 2019
Hartford Multifactor Global Small Cap ETF (ROGS) performed a ticker change to ROSC.

Reven Housing REIT (RVEN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.13 per share in cash.

November 5, 2019
HCP (HCP) performed a ticker change to PEAK, and changed its corporate name to Healthpeak Properties.

Ctrip (CTRP) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Symantec (SYMC) performed a ticker change to NLOK, and changed its corporate name to NortonLifeLock.

United Financial Bancorp (UBNK) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.875 shares of PBCT for each share of UBNK previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Reven Housing REIT (RVEN) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

November 4, 2019
Stewardship Financial (SSFN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.75 per share in cash.

Aberdeen Standard Physical Gold Shares ETF (SGOL) performed a 10 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 10 shares of SGOL for every 1 share previously held.

United Financial Bancorp (UBNK) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

November 1, 2019
Applied DNA Sciences (APDN) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of APDN for every 40 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Buckeye (BPL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $41.50 per share in cash.

ViewPoint Financial (LTXB) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $6.28 and 0.528 shares of PB for each share of LTXB previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Cesca Therapeutics (KOOL) performed a ticker change to THMO, and changed its corporate name to ThermoGenesis.

NRC Group Holdings (NRCG) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.196 shares of ECOL for each share of NRCG previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Highpower International (HPJ) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.80 per share in cash.

US Ecology (ECOL) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Neuralstem (CUR) performed a ticker change to SNCA, and changed its corporate name to Seneca Biopharma.

Tonix Pharmaceuticals (TNXP) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TNXP for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Stewardship Financial (SSFN) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Rivernorth Opportunities Fund (RIV^) rights are no longer trading. The last day to exercise is today.

October 31, 2019
Keane Group (FRAC) performed a ticker change to NEX, and changed its corporate name to NexTier Oilfield Solutions.

C&J Energy (CJ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.6149 shares of NEX for each share of CJ previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

On Track Innovations (OTIV) performed a ticker change to OTIVF. The security was delisted to OTC.

October 30, 2019
Destination Maternity (DEST) performed a ticker change to DESTQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

WisdomTree Global ex-Mexico Equity Fund (XMX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.235312 per share in cash.

October 29, 2019
Tiziana Life Sciences (TLSA) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of TLSA for every 1 share previously held.

WBI BullBear Rising Income 2000 ETF (WBIA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8209 shares of WBIE for each share of WBIA previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

WBI BullBear Yield 2000 ETF (WBIC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.7822 shares of WBIG for each share of WBIC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

WBI BullBear Value 2000 ETF (WBIB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8238 shares of WBIF for each share of WBIB previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Camber Energy (CEI) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CEI for every 50 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Predictive Oncology (POAI) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of POAI for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Greenland Acquisition (GLAC) performed a ticker change to GTEC, and changed its corporate name to Greenland Technologies.

Chardan Healthcare Acquisition (CHAC) performed a ticker change to PHGE, and changed its corporate name to BiomX.

Corindus Vascular Robotics (CVRS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.28 per share in cash.

Medidata Solutions (MDSO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $92.25 per share in cash.

Reality Shares Nasdaq NexGen Economy China ETF (BCNA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.99353 per share in cash.

Reality Shares Fundstrat DQM Long ETF (DQML) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.08842 per share in cash.

October 28, 2019
Spherix (SPEX) performed a spinoff of HOTH. For every 1 shares of SPEX held, shareholders will receive 0.0345 shares of HOTH.

Nanometrics (NANO) performed a ticker change to ONTO, and changed its corporate name to Onto Innovation.

Social Capital Hedosophia (IPOA) performed a ticker change to SPCE, and changed its corporate name to Virgin Galactic Holdings.

Rudolph Technologies (RTEC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8042 shares of ONTO for each share of RTEC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

WBI BullBear Rising Income 2000 ETF (WBIA) was suspended pending a fund merger. Details are still pending.

WBI BullBear Value 2000 ETF (WBIB) was suspended pending a fund merger. Details are still pending.

WBI BullBear Yield 2000 ETF (WBIC) was suspended pending a fund merger. Details are still pending.

October 25, 2019
VanEck Vectors High Income Infrastructure MLP ETF (YMLI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.3726 per share in cash.

Isramco (ISRL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $121.40 per share in cash.

Cancer Genetics (CGIX) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CGIX for every 30 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores (SHOS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.21 per share in cash.

Alder BioPharmaceuticals (ALDR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive a contingent value right (CVR), which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

October 24, 2019
Braskem (BRKMY) performed a ticker change to BAK.

Repro Med Systems (REPR) performed a ticker change to KRMD.

Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores (SHOS) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

October 23, 2019
Cellect Biotechnology (APOP) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of APOP for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

LRAD Corporation (LRAD) performed a ticker change to GNSS.

Touchpoint Group Holdings (OHGID) performed a ticker change to TGHI.

Reality Shares Fundstrat DQM Long ETF (DQML) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Reality Shares Nasdaq NexGen Economy China ETF (BCNA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Alder BioPharmaceuticals (ALDR) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

October 22, 2019
Capstone Turbine (CPST) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CPST for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Nano Dimension (NNDM) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NNDM for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Kingold Jewelry (KGJI) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KGJI for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

MAM Software (MAMS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.12 per share in cash.

WisdomTree Global ex-Mexico Equity Fund (XMX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

October 21, 2019
VanEck Vectors High Income Infrastructure MLP ETF (YMLI) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

International Speedway (ISCA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $45 per share in cash.

Safe-T (SFET) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SFET for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Lightbridge (LTBR) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LTBR for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

October 18, 2019
Direxion Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3x Shares (EUXL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.1196 per share in cash.

Direxion Daily High Yield Bear 2X Shares (HYDD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.0190 per share in cash.

Baker Hughes (BHGE) performed a ticker change to BKR.

October 17, 2019
ATA Creativity Global (ATAI) performed a ticker change to AACG. Futu Holdings (FHL) performed a ticker change to FUTU.

Provident Bank (PVBC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 2.0212 new shares of PVBC for each old share of PVBC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

October 16, 2019
Vicon Industries (VCON) performed a 1 for 2000 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VCON for every 2000 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Equity LifeStyle Properties (ELS) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of ELS for every 1 share previously held.

October 15, 2019
Nxt-ID (NXTDW) warrants have expired worthless.

Navigant Consulting (NCI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28 per share in cash.

Aethlon Medical (AEMD) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AEMD for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

October 14, 2019
Direxion Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3x Shares (EUXL) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Direxion Daily High Yield Bear 2X Shares (HYDD) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Revolution Lighting Technologies (RVLT) was delisted to OTC.

October 11, 2019
DryShips (DRYS) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Navigant Consulting (NCI) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Monotype Imaging (TYPE) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

AdvisorShares New Tech and Media ETF (FNG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.36795 per share in cash.

October 10, 2019
Connecticut Water (CTWS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $70 per share in cash.

Carbon Black (CBLK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26 per share in cash.

October 9, 2019
Euro Tech (CLWT) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of CLWT for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Pernix Therapeutics Holdings (PTXTQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Carbon Black (CBLK) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

DITECH HLDG CORP Warrant 02/09/2028 (DHCBW) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Novelion Therapeutics (NVLN) performed a ticker change to NVLNF. The security was delisted to OTC.

Castle Brands (ROX) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

October 8, 2019
Halcon Resources (HKRSQ) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

October 7, 2019
Versum Materials (VSM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $53 per share in cash.

Amplify High Income Fund ETF (YYY) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Altaba (AABA) performed a ticker change to AABAZZ.

Nuance Communications (NUAN) performed a spinoff of CRNC. For every 8 shares of NUAN held, shareholders will receive 1 shares of CRNC.

EP Energy Corp Class A Common Stock (EPEG) performed a ticker change to EPEGQ.

CYREN (CYRN) distributed 1 right (CYRNRT) for every 1 share currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

October 4, 2019
United States 3X Short Oil (USOD) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of USOD for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

AdvisorShares Trust AdvisorShares Sabretooth (BKCH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.2207 per share in cash.

October 3, 2019
Tower International (TOWR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31 per share in cash.

Aceto Corporation (ACETQ) performed a ticker change to ACETQZZ.

Sotheby's (BID) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $57 per share in cash.

I.D. Systems (IDSY) performed a ticker change to PWFL, and changed its corporate name to PowerFleet.

Pointer Telocation (PNTR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

October 2, 2019
Z Holdings (YAHOY) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Nuance Communications (NUAN) performed a spinoff of CRNC. For every 8 shares of NUAN held, shareholders will receive 1 shares of CRNC.

Oaktree Capital Group (OAK) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $34.96 and 0.3086 shares of BAM for each share of OAK previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Aceto Corporation (ACETQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Ditech Hldg Corp (DHCPQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

October 1, 2019
Penns Woods Bancorp (PWOD) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of PWOD for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Ensign Group (ENSG) performed a spinoff of PNTG. For every 2 shares of ENSG held, shareholders will receive 1 share of PNTG.

Rivernorth Opportunities Fund (RIV) distributed 1 right (RIV^) for every 1 share currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

Five Star Senior Living (FVE) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FVE for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

AU Optronics (AUO) performed a ticker change to AUOTY. The security was delisted to OTC.

Entree Resources (EGI) performed a ticker change to ERLFF. The security was delisted to OTC.

Pepper Food Service (KPFSY) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

September 30, 2019
Histogenics (HSGX) performed a 1 for 60 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to OCGN. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OCGN for every 60 shares of HSGX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Weight Watchers International (WW) changed its corporate name to WW International, and changed its CUSIP number.

NorthStar Realty Europe (NRE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.0078 per share in cash.

Oaktree Capital Group (OAK) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

AdvisorShares Trust AdvisorShares Sabretooth (BKCH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Tower International (TOWR) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

September 27, 2019
Finisar (FNSR) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $15.60 and 0.2218 shares of IIVI for each share of FNSR previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals (TTPH) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TTPH for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Apex Global Brands (APEX) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of APEX for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.   Superior Energy (SPN) performed a ticker change to SPNV. The security was delisted to OTC.

September 26, 2019
Shutterfly (SFLY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $51 per share in cash.

HDFC Bank (HDB) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of HDB for every 1 share previously held.

One Horizon Group (OHGI) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to OHGID. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OHGID for every 25 shares of OHGI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

USA Technologies (USAT) was delisted to OTC.

September 25, 2019
Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) performed a ticker change to SVC, and changed its corporate name to Service Properties Trust.

Voltari Corporation (VLTC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.86 per share in cash.

Cray (CRAY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $35 per share in cash.

Peak Resorts (SKIS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11 per share in cash.

Finisar (FNSR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Del Frisco's (DFRG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8 per share in cash.

September 24, 2019
Suzano S.A. (SUZ) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SUZ for every 1 share previously held.

NanoViricides (NNVC) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NNVC for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Alta Mesa Resources (AMR) performed a ticker change to AMRQQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

Alta Mesa Resources, Warrant Exp. 02/09/2023 (AMRWW) performed a ticker change to AMRWQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

BT Group (BTTGY) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Liberty Tax (TAXA) performed a ticker change to FRGA, and changed its corporate name to Franchise Group.

September 23, 2019
SPDR Bloomberg Barclays Intermediate Term Treasury ETF (ITE) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. Along with the split the company changed its ticker symbol to SPTI and changed its corporate name to SPDR Portfolio Intermediate Term Treasury ETF. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SPTI for every 1 share  of ITE previously held.

SPDR Bloomberg Barclays TIPS ETF (IPE) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. Along with the split the company changed its ticker symbol to SPIP and changed its corporate name to SPDR Portfolio TIPS ETF. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SPIP for every 1 share of IPE previously held.

SPDR MSCI ACWI IMI ETF (ACIM) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. Along with the split the company changed its ticker symbol to SPGM and changed its corporate name to SPDR Portfolio MSCI Global Stock Market ETF. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SPGM for every 1 share of ACIM previously held.

SPDR MSCI ACWI ex-US ETF (CWI) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of CWI for every 2 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Intermolecular (IMI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.20 per share in cash.

American Green (ERBB) performed a 1 for 500 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ERBB for every 500 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

China Sunergy (CSUNY) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Midsouth Bancorp (MSL) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.2952 shares of HWC for each share of MSL previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

SPDR Bloomberg Barclays Corporate Bond ETF (CBND) performed a ticker change to SPBO, and changed its corporate name to SPDR Portfolio Corporate Bond ETF.

SPDR ICE BofAML Broad High Yield Bond ETF (CJNK) performed a ticker change to SPHY, and changed its corporate name to SPDR Portfolio High Yield Bond ETF.

SPDR STOXX Europe 50 ETF (FEU) performed a ticker change to SPEU, and changed its corporate name to SPDR Portfolio Europe ETF.

SPDR Bloomberg Barclays Mortgage Backed Bond ETF (MBG) performed a ticker change to SPMB, and changed its corporate name to SPDR Portfolio Mortgage Backed Bond ETF.

September 20, 2019
EMC Insurance Group (EMCI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $36 per share in cash.

September 19, 2019
Aquantia (AQ) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.25 per share in cash.

Tribune Media (TRCO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $46.6874 per share in cash.

Viveve Medical (VIVE) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VIVE for every 100 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Speedway Motorsports (TRK) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.75 per share in cash.

September 18, 2019
Chesapeake Lodging Trust (CHSP) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $11 and 0.6280 shares of PK for each share of CHSP previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Speedway Motorsports (TRK) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Total System Services (TSS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8101 shares of GPN for each share of TSS previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Fred's (FRED) performed a ticker change to FREDQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

September 17, 2019
First Trust Heitman Global Prime Real Estate ETF (PRME) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4161 shares of FFR for each share of PRME previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Famous Dave's of America (DAVE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 shares of BBQ for each share of DAVE previously held.

GlassBridge Enterprises (GLAED) performed a ticker change to GLAE.

Naspers (NPSNY) performed a spinoff of PROSY. For every 1 share of NPSNY held, shareholders will receive 1 share of PROSY.

September 16, 2019
SPDR Long Dollar Gold Trust (GLDW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $153.44904147 per share in cash.

First Trust Heitman Global Prime Real Estate ETF (PRME) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

BT Group (BT) performed a ticker change to BTTGY. The security was delisted to OTC.

September 12, 2019
Americas Silver Corp (USAS) changed its corporate name to Americas Gold and Silver Corp.

Och-Ziff Capital Management (OZM) performed a ticker change to SCU, and changed its corporate name to Sculptor Capital Management.

Hydrogenics (HYGS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15 per share in cash.

Barclays Bank PLC iPath Series B S&P GSCI Crude Oil (OIL) performed a 5 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 5 shares of OIL for every 1 share previously held.

Modern Media (MMDM) performed a ticker change to SONG, and changed its corporate name to Akazoo.

MFS California Municipal Fund (CCA) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Nxt-ID (NXTDW) warrants have expired worthless.

September 11, 2019
EchoStar (SATS) performed a spinoff of DISH. For every 1 shares of SATS held, shareholders will receive 0.2352 shares of DISH.

Command Center (CCNI) performed a ticker change to HQI, and changed its corporate name to HireQuest.

Appliance Recycling Centers of America (ARCI) performed a ticker change to JAN, and changed its corporate name to JanOne.

Emmaus Life Sciences (EMMA) was delisted to OTC.

September 10, 2019
iShares iBonds Sep 2019 Term Muni Bond ETF (IBMH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.447884 per share in cash.

Hydrogenics (HYGS) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

SPDR Long Dollar Gold Trust (GLDW) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

September 9, 2019
Volt Information Sciences (VISI) performed a ticker change to VOLT.

PHI, Inc. Common Stock (PHIIQ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.13472468 new shares of PHIKQW for each old share of PHIIQ previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

PHI, Inc. Non-Voting Common Stock (PHIKQ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.13472468 new shares of PHIKQW for each old share of PHIKQ previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

September 6, 2019
China Lending (CLDC) performed a ticker change to CLDOF. The security was delisted to OTC.

ChinaCache International Holdings (CCIH) performed a ticker change to CCIHY. The security was delisted to OTC.

September 5, 2019
Ryohin Keikaku (RYKKY) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of RYKKY for every 1 share previously held.

Apollo Global Management (APO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

PHI, Inc. Common Stock (PHIIQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

PHI, Inc. Non-Voting Common Stock (PHIKQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

September 4, 2019
iShares iBonds Sep 2019 Term Muni Bond ETF (IBMH) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

MBT Financial (MBTF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.275 shares of FRME for each share of MBTF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

PCM, Inc (PCMI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $35 per share in cash.

RAIT Financial Trust (RASF) performed a ticker change to RASFQ.

CIM Commercial Trust (CMCT) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CMCT for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

September 3, 2019
CM Finance (CMFN) performed a ticker change to ICMB.

Hemispherx (HEB) performed a ticker change to AIM.

Marijuana Company of America (MCOA) performed a 1 for 60 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to MCOAD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MCOAD for every 60 shares of MCOA previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Vical (VICL) performed a 1 for 7 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to BBI. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BBI for every 7 shares of VICL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

PCM, Inc. (PCMI) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

August 30, 2019
Ascent Media (ASCMA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1043 shares of Monitronics Intl (SCTY) for each share of Ascent Media (ASCMA) previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Sunworks (SUNW) performed a 1 for 7 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SUNW for every 7 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

WageWorks (WAGE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $51.35 per share in cash.

Eyegate Pharmaceuticals (EYEG) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EYEG for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

August 29, 2019
OpGen (OPGN) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OPGN for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

OpGen WarrantS (OPGNW) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OPGNW for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Diversicare Healthcare (DVCR) was delisted to OTC.

August 28, 2019
MoSys (MOSY) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MOSY for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

August 27, 2019
Social Reality (SRAX) changed its corporate name to SRAX Inc, and changed its CUSIP number.

Sysorex (SYSXD) performed a ticker change to SYSX.

AmeriGas Partners (APU) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6378 shares of UGI for each share of APU previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

August 26, 2019
iShares Edge MSCI Min Vol Asia ex Japan ETF (AXJV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $33.8905 per share in cash.

iShares Adaptive Currency Hedged MSCI Eurozone ETF (DEZU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.2096 per share in cash.

iShares Adaptive Currency Hedged MSCI Japan ETF (DEWJ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.8760 per share in cash.

Taronis Technologies (TRNX) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TRNX for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

August 23, 2019
SPS Commerce (SPSC) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SPSC for every 1 share previously held.

Cellectar Biosciences (CLRBW) warrants have expired worthless.

Clough Global Dividend and Income Fund (GLV^) and Clough Global Equity Fund (GLQ^) rights are no longer trading. The last day to exercise is today.

August 22, 2019
TOP Ships (TOPS) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TOPS for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

AmeriGas Partners (APU) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Oasmia Pharmaceutical (OASM) performed a ticker change to OASMY. The security was delisted to OTC.

ADOMANI (ADOM) was delisted to OTC.

August 21, 2019
GlassBridge Enterprises (GLAE) performed a 1 for 200 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to GLAED. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GLAED for every 200 shares of GLAE previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

The following BlackRock (iShares) ETFs were delisted pending liquidation: AXJV, DEWJ, and DEZU.

August 20, 2019
Ubiquiti Networks (UBNT) performed a ticker change to UI.

Ideal Power (IPWR) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IPWR for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Yangtze River Port (YRIV) was delisted from NASDAQ. The stock is currently not trading.

August 16, 2019
Internet Gold Golden Lines (IGLD) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IGLD for every 100 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

August 15, 2019
Trans World Entertainment (TWMC) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TWMC for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Genetic Technologies (GENE) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GENE for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

HarborOne Bank (HONE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.79543146 shares of new HONE for each share of HONE previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Pioneer Energy Services (PES) performed a ticker change to PESX. The security was delisted to OTC.

August 14, 2019
iPic Entertainment (IPIC) performed a ticker change to IPICQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

ProShares Ultra Gold Miners (GDXX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $54.194137 per share in cash.

ProShares UltraShort Gold Miners (GDXS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.0627 per share in cash.

ProShares CDS Short North American HY Credit ETF (WYDE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.5061 per share in cash.

Aerohive Networks (HIVE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.45 per share in cash.

August 13, 2019
Sanchez Energy (SNEC) performed a ticker change to SNECQ.

August 12, 2019
Biotime (BTX) performed a ticker change to LCTX, and changed its corporate name to Lineage Cell Therapeutics.

Barnes & Noble (BKS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.50 per share in cash.

Aquinox Pharmaceuticals (AQXP) performed a ticker change to NLTX, and changed its corporate name to Neoleukin Therapeutics.

Black Ridge Acquisition (BRAC) performed a ticker change to AESE, and changed its corporate name to Allied E-Sports Entertainment

TheStreet (TST) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.0918336 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive two contingent value rights (TSTCVR-A and TSTCVR-B), which pay additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

August 9, 2019
FalconStor Software (FALC) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to FALCD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FALCD for every 100 shares of FALC previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Anadarko Petroleum (APC) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $59 and 0.2934 shares of OXY for each share of APC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Torchmark (TMK) performed a ticker change to GL.

Renmin Tianli (BIQI) performed a ticker change to BIQIF.

Black Ridge Acquisition (BRAC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Aerohive Networks (HIVE) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

August 8, 2019
Amplify Energy Warrants (AMPYW) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change. The new shares of AMPYW are now tradeable on Robinhood.

Ultra Petroleum (UPL) performed a ticker change to UPLC. The security was delisted to OTC.

Halcon Resources (HKRS) performed a ticker change to HKRSQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

TheStreet (TST) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Dynasil (DYSL) performed a reorganization. If a shareholder had fewer than 8000 shares and they were settled before August 7th, they received a contra cusip (DYSL-C) which will pay $1.15/share in cash. If a shareholder had more than 8000 shares or if they were still unsettled, they received "new" DYSL (same security new cusip). New DYSL is fully tradeable.

HopFed Bancorp (HFBC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.444 shares of THFF for each share of HFBC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

August 7, 2019
pdvWireless (ATEX) changed its corporate name to Anterix, and changed its CUSIP number.

BioScrip (BIOS) changed its corporate name to OptionCare Health, and changed its CUSIP number.

Midstates Petroleum (MPO) performed a ticker change to AMPY, and changed its corporate name to Amplify Energy.

Amplify Energy (AMPY) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.933 new shares of AMPY (previously traded as MPO) for each share of old AMPY previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Amplify Energy Warrants (AMPYW) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

Barnes & Noble (BKS) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

August 6, 2019
Tableau (DATA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.103 shares of CRM for each share of DATA previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Plus Therapeutics (PSTV) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PSTV for every 50 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

DPW Holdings (DPW) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DPW for every 40 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be Paid as cash in lieu.

Alliqua BioMedical (ALQAC) CVR expired worthless.

ProShares CDS Short North American HY Credit ETF (WYDE) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

ProShares Ultra Gold Miners (GDXX) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

ProShares UltraShort Gold Miners (GDXS) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

Amplify Energy (AMPY) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

August 2, 2019
Lindblad Expeditions Warrants (LINDW) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3658 shares of LIND for each share of LINDW previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Repay (RPAY) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

August 1, 2019
GSV Capital (GSVC) performed a ticker change to SSSS.

UQM Technologies (UQM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.71 per share in cash.

Control4 (CTRL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.91 per share in cash.

Chemical Financial Corporation (CHFC) performed a ticker change to TCF.

TCF Financial (TCF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5081 new shares of TCF (previously traded as CHFC) for each share of old TCF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Worldpay (WP) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $11 and 0.9287 shares of FIS for each share of WP previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Xerox (XRX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

TravelCenters of America (TA) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TA for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Realm Therapeutics (RLM) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.4409 shares of EPIX for each share of RLM previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Tableau (DATA) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

July 31, 2019
Ensco PLC (ESV) performed a ticker change to VAL, and changed its corporate name to Valaris PLC.

Realm Therapeutics (RLM) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Worldpay (WP) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

July 30, 2019
Andeavor Logistics LP (ANDX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.135 shares of MLPX for each share of ANDX previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Sysorex (SYSX) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to SYSXD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SYSXD for every 100 shares of SYSX previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Vanguard Natural Resources (VNRWQ) warrants have expired worthless.

Array BioPharma (ARRY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $48 per share in cash.

July 29, 2019
SiNtx Technologies (SINT) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SINT for every 30 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

American Electric Technologies (AETI) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to SLNG. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SLNG for every 8 shares of AETI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

First Data (FDC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.303 shares of FISV for each share of FDC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Cytori Therapeutics (CYTX) performed a ticker change to PSTV, and changed its corporate name to Plus Therapeutics.

Alliance California Municipal Income Fund (AKP) warrants have expired worthless.

Liberty Expedia Holdings (LEXEA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.36 shares of EXPE for each share of LEXEA previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded down.

JPMorgan China Escrow (JFC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.08489435 per share in cash.

HopFed Bancorp (HFBC) was delisted pending a merger with First Financial Corporation Indiana (THFF).

NewLead Holdings Ltd. (NEWLF) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

SSLJ.com Limited Class A Ordinary Shares (YGTY) performed a ticker change to YGTYF. The security was delisted to OTC.

July 25, 2019
Obalon (OBLN) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OBLN for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Pluristem Therapeutics (PSTI) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PSTI for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Hertz Global Holdings (HTZ^) rights expired worthless.

General Motors (GMWSB) warrants have expired worthless.

July 24, 2019
Electronics for Imaging (EFII) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $37 per share in cash.

Amber Road (AMBR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.05 per share in cash.

Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises (BW) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BW for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

July 23, 2019
Electronics for Imaging (EFII) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

American Midstream Partners (AMID) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.25 per share in cash.

ContraVir Pharmaceuticals (CTRV) performed a ticker change to HEPA, and changed its corporate name to Hepion Pharmaceuticals.

China Advanced Construction Materials Group (CADC) performed a ticker change to HHT, and changed its corporate name to Huitao Technology.

Halcon Resources (HK) performed a ticker change to HKRS. The security was delisted to OTC.

July 22, 2019
Flex Pharma (FLKS) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to SLRX. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SLRX for every 25 shares of FLKS previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be paid as cash in lieu.

Synthesis Energy Systems (SES) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SES for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

YogaWorks (YOGA) was delisted to OTC.

ARC Group Worldwide (ARCW) was delisted to OTC.

Orexigen Therapeutics (OREXQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

July 19, 2019
Aratana Therapeutics (PETX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.1481 shares of ELAN for each share of PETX previously held, with fractional shares paid as cash in lieu. Additionally, shareholders will receive a CVR, which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

July 18, 2019
MYnd Analytics (MYND) performed a 1 for 6 reverse split, and changed its ticker symbol to EMMA. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EMMA for every 6 shares of MYND previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Neuralstem (CUR) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CUR for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Rogers AI Global Macro ETF (BIKR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.01148753 per share in cash.

July 17, 2019
Emerge Energy Services (EMESZ) performed a ticker change to EMESQ.

Evine (EVLV) performed a ticker change to IMBI.

Park Electrochemical (PKE) changed its corporate name to Park Aerospace, and changed its CUSIP number.

July 16, 2019
Global Brass and Copper Holding (BRSS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $44 per share in cash.

July 15, 2019
BrightSphere Investment Group plc (BSIG) had a domicile change from UK to US, which resulted in a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Global X JPMorgan Efficiente Index ETF (EFFE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.78 per share in cash.

Global X JPMorgan US Sector Rotator Index ETF (SCTO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.85 per share in cash.

AIT Therapeutics (AITB) performed a ticker change to XAIR.

BioLineRx (BLRX) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BLRX for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Rogers AI Global Macro ETF (BIKR) was delisted pending a stock liquidation. Details are still pending.

MedoveX Corp (MDVX) performed a ticker change to HCYT, and changed its corporate name to H-CYTE.

Ohr Pharmaceutical (OHRP) performed a ticker change to NBSE, and changed its corporate name to NeuBase Therapeutics.

July 12, 2019
Thunder Bridge (TBRG) performed a ticker change to RPAY, and changed its corporate name to Repay Holdings.

Hertz Global Holdings (HTZ^) rights expired worthless.

AG&E Hldgs (AGNUQ) was declared worthless after the companys bankruptcy.

Ascent Capital Group (ASCMA) performed a ticker change to ASCMQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

July 11, 2019
SoftBank (SFTBY) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of SFTBY for every 1 share previously held.

July 10, 2019
Red Hat (RHT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $190 per share in cash.

July 9, 2019
Melrose Bancorp (MELR) was delisted to OTC.

VanEck Vectors Low Carbon Energy ETF (GEX) performed a ticker change to SMOG.

Telecom Italia SpA (TI) was delisted. Its ticker symbol is now TIIAY.

EXCO Resources (XCOOQ) was declared worthless after the company's bankruptcy.

Pepper Food Service Co. (KPFS) was delisted from NASDAQ. The stock is currently not trading.

Red Hat (RHT) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

July 8, 2019
The following JPMorgan ETFs were delisted pending liquidation: SCTO and EFFE.

Fang Holdings (SFUN) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SFUN for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Lending Club (LC) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LC for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Camber Energy (CEI) performed a 1 for 25 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CEI for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

July 5, 2019
Alliqua BioMedical (ALQA) distributed a CVR (ALQAC), which represents the right to receive additional cash and/or shares from its merger with AquaMed.

July 3, 2019
Amber Road (AMBR) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

Yuma Energy (YUMA) performed a 1 for 15 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of YUMA for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Babcock & Wilcox (BW) distributed 1 right for every 1 share currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

Multi-Color Corporation (LABL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $50 per share in cash.

HFF, Inc (HF) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $24.63 and 0.1505 shares of JLL for each share of HF previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Pacific City Financial (PCB) changed its corporate name to PCB Bancorp, and changed its CUSIP number.

AIT Therapeutics (AITB) changed its corporate name to Beyond Air, and changed its CUSIP number.

Jason Industries (JASNW) warrants have expired worthless.

July 2, 2019
Neovasc (NVCN) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NVCN for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded down.

Francesca's Holdings (FRAN) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FRAN for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Seadrill Partners (SDLP) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SDLP for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Jason Industries (JASNW) warrants have expired worthless.

HFF, Inc (HF) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

EXCO Resources Inc (XCOOQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

ModSys International Ltd (MDSYF) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Fidelity Southern (LION) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.8 shares of ABCB for each share of LION previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

L3 Technologies (LLL) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.3 shares of LHX for each share of LLL previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

July 1, 2019
The following USAA ETFs are now VictoryShares ETFs: USTB, UEVM, UITB, UIVM, USVM and ULVM.

aTyr Pharma (LIFE) performed a 1 for 14 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LIFE for every 14 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Harris (HRS) performed a ticker change to LHX.

L3 Technologies (LLL) was delisted pending a merger with LHX

Fidelity Southern (LION) was delisted pending a merger with ABCB.

The Blackstone Group Inc (BX) changed its corporate name to The Blackstone Group LP, and changed its CUSIP number.

Payment Data Systems (PYDS) performed a ticker change to USIO.

Citizens First (CZFC) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $5.80 and 0.6629 shares of GABC for each share of CZFC previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Northern Technologies International (NTIC) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of NTIC for every 1 share previously held.

June 28, 2019
Direxion Daily Natural Gas Related Bull ETF (GASL) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GASL for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Semiconductor Bear ETF (SOXS) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SOXS for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Bull 3X Shares (JNUG) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JNUG for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Small Cap Bear ETF (TZA) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TZA for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily Financial Bear ETF (FAZ) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FAZ for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Bear 3X Shares ETF (DRIP) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DRIP for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Direxion Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear ETF (DRV) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DRV for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

China Green Agriculture (CGA) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CGA for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if fraction is over 0.5 and rounded down if less than 0.5.

Direxion Daily Mid Cap Bear 3x ETF (MIDZ) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MIDZ for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

SunCoke Energy (SXCP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.4358489 shares of SXC for each share of SXCP previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Essex Rent Corp (ESSX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.04333 per share in cash.

Legacy Reserves (LGCY) performed a ticker change to LGCYQ. The security was delisted to OTC.

KAR Auction Services (KAR) performed a spinoff of IAA. For every 1 share of KAR held, shareholders will receive 1 shares of IAA.

June 27, 2019
Cherokee (CHKE) performed a ticker change to APEX, and changed its corporate name to Apex Global Brands.

June 26, 2019
Pernix Therapeutics Holdings (PTXTQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Hertz Global Holdings (HTZ) distributed 1 right for every 1 share currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

June 25, 2019
Xenetic Biosciences (XBIO) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XBIO for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Alliance California Municipal Income Fund (AKP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.0538 per share in cash.

Cushing Renaissance Fund (SZC) distributed 1 right for every 1 share currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

SPDR S&P Kensho Clean Power ETF (XKCP) performed a ticker change to CNRG.

SPDR S&P Kensho Final Frontiers ETF (XKFF) performed a ticker change to ROKT.

SPDR S&P Kensho Future Security ETF (XKFS) performed a ticker change to FITE.

SPDR S&P Kensho Intelligent Structures ETF (XKII) performed a ticker change to SIMS.

SPDR S&P Kensho Smart Mobility ETF (XKST) performed a ticker change to HAIL.

June 24, 2019
Avinger (AVGR) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AVGR for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Havilah Mining corp (HAVXF) changed its corporate name to 1911 Gold Corp, and changed its CUSIP number.

China Digital TV Holding Co., Ltd. (STVVY) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Triangle Petroleum Corporation (TPLMQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

DS Healthcare Group (DSKX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.07 per share in cash.

DS Healthcare Group (DSKX^) CVR expired worthless.

PolyMet Mining Corp (PLM) rights expired worthless.

Defiance Future Tech ETF (AUGR) performed a ticker change to VIDG.

Invesco S&P 500 GARP ETF (PXLG) performed a ticker change to SPGP.

Invesco Russell Top 200 Pure Value ETF (PXLV) performed a ticker change to SPVM.

Invesco S&P MidCap Momentum ETF (PXMG) performed a ticker change to XMMO.

Invesco S&P SmallCap Value with Momentum ETF (PXSV) performed a ticker change to XSVM.

June 21, 2019
Dynex Capital (DX) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DX for every 3 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

CollPlant Holdings (CLGN) changed its corporate name to CollPlant Biotechnologies, and changed its CUSIP number.

ETF Industry Exposure & Financial Services ETF (TETF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.4635 per share in cash.

Columbia Beyond BRICs ETF (BBRC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.036 per share in cash.

Columbia India Infrastructure ETF (INXX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.433 per share in cash.

Columbia India Small Cap ETF (SCIN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.84 per share in cash.

Columbia EM Quality Dividend ETF (HILO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.167 per share in cash.

Smart & Final Stores (SFS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.50 per share in cash.

June 20, 2019
Sonoma Pharmaceuticals (SNOA) performed a 1 for 9 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SNOA for every 9 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Pier 1 Imports (PIR) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PIR for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Quantenna Communications (QTNA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.50 per share in cash.

Smart & Final Stores (SFS) was delisted pending a cash merger. Details are still pending.

DETERMINE INC Common Stock (DTRM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.14 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

June 19, 2019
ETF Industry Exposure & Financial Services ETF (TETF) was delisted pending liquidation.

Insys Therapeutics (INSY) performed a ticker change to INSYQ. The stock has also been delisted to OTC.

China New Borun Corporation ADR (BORN) performed a ticker change to BORNY. The stock has also been delisted to OTC.

Quantenna Communications (QTNA) was delisted pending a merger.

June 18, 2019
The KEYW Holding Corporation (KEYW) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.25 per share in cash.

MTech Acquisition (MTEC) performed a ticker change to KERN, and changed its corporate name to Akerna Corp.

Netshoes (NETS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.70 per share in cash.

June 17, 2019
Blue Apron (APRN) performed a 1 for 15 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of APRN for every 15 shares previously held. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

Cousins Properties (CUZ) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CUZ for every 4 shares previously held. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

TIER REIT Inc (TIER) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.745 new shares of CUZ for each share of TIER previously held.

The following Columbia Threadneedle ETFs were delisted pending liquidation: BBRC, HILO, INXX, SCIN.

Netshoes (NETS) was delisted pending a merger.

BBVA Banco Frances S.A. (BFR) changed its ticker symbol to BBAR.

pdvWireless Inc (PDVW) changed its ticker symbol to ATEX.

Sun Hydraulics Corporation (SNHY) changed its ticker symbol to HLIO.

Determine Inc (DTRM) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

Nevada Gold & Casinos (UWN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.559333 per share in cash.

WBI Tactical High Income Shares (WBIH) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $21.57 cash per each share of WBIH previously held.

WBI Tactical Rotation Shares (WBIR) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $22.79 cash per each share of WBIR previously held.

June 14, 2019
Mercantil Bank Class B (AMTBB) changed its corporate name to Amerant Bancorp Class B and changed its CUSIP number.

Precision Therapeutics (AIPT) changed its ticker symbol to POAI.

Luxoft (LXFT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $59 per share in cash.

TIER REIT Inc (TIER) was delisted pending a stock merger. Details are still pending.

June 13, 2019
Cemtrex (CETX) performed a 1 for 8 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CETX for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Paddy Power Betfair (PDYPY) changed its corporate name to Flutter Entertainment.

AirMedia (AMCN) performed a ticker change to ANTE, and changed its corporate name to AirNet Technology.

Arcturus Therapeutics (ARCT) had a domicile change from  from Israel to the US, which resulted in a 1:1 CUSIP change.

FTD Companies (FTD) performed a ticker change to FTDCQ.

The KEYW Holding Corporation (KEYW) was delisted pending a cash merger.

Mercantil Bank Holding Corporation (AMTB) changed its corporate name to Amerant Bancorp Inc and changed its CUSIP number.

June 12, 2019
Burcon NutraScience (BUROF) distributed 1 right for every 1 shares currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

Bemis (BMS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 5.1 shares of AMCR for each BMS share previously held. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

Fang Holdings (SFUN) performed a spinoff of CIH. For every 5 shares of SFUN held, shareholders will receive 1 share of CIH. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

June 11, 2019
China Bat Group, Inc. (GLG) changed its corporate name to Bat Group, Inc. and changed its CUSIP number.

Acorn Energy (ACFN) distributed 1 right for every 1 shares currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

Hudson Global (HSON) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HSON for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Hemispherx (HEB) performed a 1 for 44 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HEB for every 44 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Bemis Company (BMS) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

Nightstar Therapeutics (NITE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.40 per share in cash.

Air T (AIRT) distributed a stock dividend of 0.5 per share (1 additional share of AIRT for every 2 shares previously held), distributed 4.158844 warrants (AIRTW) for each share and distributed 0.792161 preferred shares (AIRTP) for each share. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

Amcor (AMCRY) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 4 shares of AMCR for each share of AMCRY previously held.

June 10, 2019
WBI BullBear Global High Income ETF Common Stock (WBIH) was suspended pending liquidation.

WBI BullBear Global Rotation ETF (WBIR) was suspended pending liquidation.

Nightstar Therapeutics (NITE) was suspended pending liquidation.

SPDR MSCI China A Shares IMI ETF (XINA) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $19.76 cash per each share of XINA previously held.

Stellar Biotechnologies (SBOT) performed a 1 for 6 reverse Split, and changed its ticker symbol to EDSA. This means shareholders will now hold 1 shares of EDSA for every 6 shares of SBOT previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded down.

GTx (GTXI) performed a 1 for 7 reverse split, and changed its ticker symbol to ONCT. This means shareholders will now hold 1 shares of ONCT for every 7 shares of GTXI previously held. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares of ONCT. Additionally, shareholders will receive a CVR, which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones. Fractional shares will not be paid on the CVR.

Obsidian Energy (OBE) performed a 1 for 7 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OBE for every 7 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded down.

Rexahn Pharmaceuticals (RNN) changed its ticker symbol to REXN.

June 7, 2019
Jaguar Health (JAGX) performed a 1 for 70 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JAGX for every 70 shares previously held. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

Bellatrix Exploration Ltd Ordinary Shares (BXEFF) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BXEFF for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be dropped.

Nordic American Offshore (NAO) performed a ticker change to PSV, and changed its corporate name to Hermitage Offshore Services.

June 6, 2019
Polymet Mining Corp (PLM) distributed 1 right for every 1 shares currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

Vina Concha Y Toro S.A. Sponsored ADR (VCOYY) was terminated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $40.832687 per share in cash.

June 5, 2019
Capricor (CAPR) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CAPR for every 10 shares previously held. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

Digirad (DRAD) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DRAD for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Cesca Therapeutics (KOOL) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of KOOL for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

June 4, 2019
Galectin Therapeutics rights (GALT^) rights expired worthless.

MFC Bancorp (MFCB) changed its ticker symbol to SRL.

Fusion Connect (FSNN) changed its ticker symbol to FSNNQ.

First Financial Bankshares (FFIN) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of FFIN for every 1 share previously held.

June 3, 2019
Emerge Energy Services (EMES) delisted to OTC and performed a ticker change to EMESZ.

DowDuPont (DWDP) performed a ticker change to DD, a 1 for 3 Reverse Split, and a 1 for 3 spinoff of CTVA. For every 3 shares of DWDP held, shareholders will receive 1 share of DD and 1 share of CTVA. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

ContraVir (CTRV) performed a 1 for 70 reverse split. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Hi-Crush (HCLP) performed a ticker change to HCR.

The following Dreyfus ETFs are now BNY Mellon ETFs: DMB, DMF, DCF, DHF, DSM.

Customers who didn't submit Israeli tax paperwork for STDY received $3.345/share in cash. They will also receive a CVR, which gives them the right to receive additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

May 31, 2019
Travelport Worldwide Ltd (TVPT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.75 per share in cash.

Croda International PLC (COIHD) performed a ticker change to COIHY.

SMTC Corporation (SMTX) distributed 1 right for every 8.2 shares currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price.

May 30, 2019
SPDR MSCI China A Shares IMI ETF (XINA) was delisted pending liquidation.

First Trust NASDAQ Smartphone Index Fund (FONE) performed a ticker change to NXGT.

Travelport Worldwide Ltd (TVPT) was delisted pending a cash merger.

May 28, 2019
The following Oppenheimer ETFs are now Invesco ETFs: RDIV, ESGL, RWL, REDV, RWJ, ESGF, OMFL, OMOM, OVLU, OVOL, REEM, RGLB, OMFS, OQAL, OSIZ, OYLD, REFA, RWK.

Int'l Money Express, Inc. Warrant 01/19/2022 (IMXIW) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $1 and 0.181 shares of IMXI for each share of IMXIW previously held.

May 24, 2019
ProShares UltraPro Short QQQ (SQQQ) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SQQQ for every 4 shares previously held.

ProShares UltraPro Short Dow30 (SDOW) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SDOW for every 4 shares previously held.

ProShares UltraShort Technology ETF (REW) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of REW for every 2 shares previously held.

ProShares UltraShort Semiconductors ETF (SSG) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SSG for every 2 shares previously held.

Papa Murphy's (FRSH) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.45 per share in cash.

Jones Energy Inc Cl A Common Stock (JONEQ) was deemed worthless after the company's bankruptcy.

EP Energy Corporation (EPE) delisted to OTC and performed a ticker change to EPEG.

NCI Building Systems (NCS) performed a ticker change to CNR.

May 23, 2019
NCI Building Systems (NCS) changed its corporate name to Cornerstone Building Brands, Inc.

VF Corporation (VFC) performed a spinoff of KTB. For every 7 shares of VFC held, shareholders will receive 1 share of KTB.

Fastenal (FAST) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of FAST for every 1.

Navigators Group (NAVG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $70 per share in cash.

May 22, 2019
Genocea Biosciences (GNCA) performed a 1 for 8 reverse split. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

SI Financial Group, Inc. (SIFI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.48 shares of BHLB for each share of SIFI previously held.

May 21, 2019
Navios Maritime (NMM) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NMM for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share if fraction is over 0.5 and rounded down if less than 0.5.

OncoSec (ONCS) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ONCS for every 10 shares previously held.

May 20, 2019
Valeritas (VLRX) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of VLRX for every 20 shares previously held.

Maxwell Technologies (MXWL) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0193 shares of TSLA for each share of MXWL previously held.

SI Financial Group, Inc. (SIFI) was delisted pending an acquisition. Details are still pending.

SSLJ.Com Ltd (SSLJ) performed a ticker change to YGTY.

Union Bankshares Corporation (UBSH) performed a ticker change to AUB.

Crusader Energy Group, LLC (JONEQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

May 17, 2019
Maxwell Technologies Inc (MXWL) was delisted pending an acquisition. Details are still pending.

May 16, 2019
MedEquities Realty Trust (MRT) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $2 and 0.235 shares of OHI for each share of MRT previously held.

Northeast Bank (NBN) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change.

nfraREIT (HIFR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21 per share in cash. An additional dividend might be paid soon. Details are still pending.

Customers that have submitted Israeli tax documents for Orbotech (ORBK) received $38.86 plus 0.25 shares of KLAC per share of ORBK.

May 14, 2019
Churchill Capital (CCC) changed its corporate name to Clarivate Analytics, and changed its CUSIP number.

Subordinate Voting Shares (FSV) changed its corporate name to FirstService Corporation Common Shares, and changed its CUSIP number.

Braskem S.A. (BAK) delisted to OTC and performed a ticker change to BRKMY.

Weatherford International (WFT) delisted to OTC and performed a ticker change to WFTIF.

Bristow Group Inc. (BRS) delisted to OTC and performed a ticker change to BRSWQ.

May 13, 2019
Vislink Technologies (VISL) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Cloud Peak Energy Inc (CLDP) performed a ticker change to CLDPQ.

May 10, 2019
Ferguson (FERGY) had a domicile change from Switzerland to UK, which resulted in a 1:1 CUSIP change.

AmpliPhi Biosciences (APHB) performed a 1 for 14 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker symbol to ARMP. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ARMP for every 14 shares of APHB previously held.

Novavax (NVAX) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NVAX for every 20 shares previously held.

Can Fite Biopharma (CANF) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CANF for every 15 shares previously held.

Spherix (SPEX) performed a 1 for 4.25 reverse split. Fractional shares will be round up.

May 9, 2019
Horizon Pharma (HZNP) changed its corporate name to Horizon Therapeutics, and changed its CUSIP number.

Transcanada (TRP) changed its corporate name to TC Energy, and changed its CUSIP number.

FuelCell Energy (FCEL) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of FCEL for every 12 shares previously held.

Triangle Petroleum Corporation (TPLM) performed a ticker change to TPLMQ.

May 8, 2019
BTCS, Inc. (BTCSD) performed a ticker change to BTCS.

Axovant Gene Therapies Ltd.  (AXGT) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AXGT for every 8 shares previously held.

DelMar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (DMPI) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DMPI for every 10 shares previously held.

May 7, 2019
Attunity Ltd. (ATTU) was delisted pending a cash merger.

May 6, 2019
  SPDR Bloomberg Barclays High Yield Bond ETF (JNK) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JNK for every 3 shares previously held.

Alliqua BioMedical, Inc. (ALQA) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker symbol to ADYX. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ADYX for every 6 shares of ALQA previously held.

The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $331.50 per share in cash.

May 3, 2019
Gaming Partners (GPIC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.75 per share in cash.

Alliance California Municipal Income Fund Inc (AKP) was delisted pending liquidation.

Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

May 2, 2019
Bridgeline Digital (BLIN) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BLIN for every 50 shares previously held.

Danaos (DAC) performed a 1 for 14 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DAC for every 14 shares previously held.

Gaming Partners (GPIC) was delisted pending acquisition. Details are still pending.

Clear Channel Outdoor (CCO) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change and was relisted from OTC to NYSE.

iPath Series B S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures ETN (VXXB) performed a ticker change to VXX.

iPath Series B S&P 500 VIX Mid-Term Futures ETN (VXZB) performed a ticker change to VXZ.

Kona Grill (KONA) performed a ticker change to KONAQ.

May 1, 2019
Auris Medical (EARS) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EARS for every 20 shares previously held.

Hamilton Bank (HBK) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $4.10 and 0.54 shares of ORRF for each share of HBK previously held.

Level Brands (LEVB) performed a ticker change to YCBD, and changed its corporate name to cbdMD, inc.

April 30, 2019
Novume Solutions (NVMM) performed a ticker change to REKR, and changed its corporate name to Rekor Systems.

Micro Focus International (MFGP) performed a 0.8296 for 1 Reverse Split. Shareholders will also receive a contra CUSIP (MFGP^), which represents the right to receive additional cash in the future.

Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust Warrants (WHLRW) have expired worthless.

April 29, 2019
Croda International (COIHY) performed a 41 for 42 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker symbol to COIHD. This means shareholders will now hold 41 shares of COIHD for every 42 shares of COIHY previously held.

Workplace Equality Portfolio (EQLT) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $37.14661647 cash per each share of EQLT previously held.

3PEA International (TPNL) performed a ticker change to PAYS, and changed its corporate name to PaySign.

Precipio (PRPO) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PRPO for every 15 shares previously held.

Hunter Maritime (HUNT) delisted to OTC and performed a ticker change to HUNTF.

April 26, 2019
Silverbow Warrants (SLBBW) have expired worthless.

BioPharmX (BPMX) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BPMX for every 25 shares previously held.

TheStreet (TST) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TST for every 10 shares previously held.

Navidea Biopharmaceuticals (NAVB) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NAVB for every 20 shares previously held.

Achaogen Inc. (AKAO) delisted to OTC and performed a ticker change to AKAOQ.

April 25, 2019
Ultrapar Participacoes (UGP) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of UGP for every 1 shares previously held.

Presbia PLC (LENS) delisted to OTC and performed a ticker change to LENSF

Kona Grill (KONA) was delisted to OTC.

USG Corporation (USG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $43.50 per share in cash.

April 24, 2019
Clementia Pharmaceuticals Inc. (CMTA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive a CVR, which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

OncoMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (OMED) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.127694 shares of MREO for each share of OMED previously held, with fractional shares rounded down.  Additionally, shareholders will receive a CVR, which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

USG Corporation (USG) was delisted pending acquisition.

Eltek Ltd rights (ELTK^) have expired worthless.

April 23, 2019
Westwater Resources (WWR) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WWR for every 50 shares previously held.

Agritek Holdings (AGTKD) changed its ticker symbol to AGTK.

April 22, 2019
Rite Aid (RAD) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RAD for every 20 shares previously held.

Appliance Recycling Centers of America (ARCI) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ARCI for every 5 shares previously held.

Osiris Therapeutics (OSIR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19 per share in cash.

Virtus Cumberland Municipal Bond ETF (CUMB) performed a cash merger and paid a dividend. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.82402 per share in cash for the liquidation and $0.02019 per share as a dividend payment.

iShares Broad USD High Yield Corporate Bond ETF (USHY) performed a 6 for 5 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 6 shares of USHY for every 5 shares previously held.

Tanzanian Royalty Exploration Corporation (TRX) changed its corporate name to Tanzanian Gold Corporation.

Internet Initiative Japan Inc. (IIJI) was delisted to OTC.

Weight Watchers (WTW) changed its ticker symbol to WW.

April 18, 2019
CAS Medical Systems (CASM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.45 per share in cash.

Glowpoint (GLOW) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Osiris Therapeutics (OSIR) were delisted pending a cash merger.

Clementia Pharmaceuticals (CMTA) were delisted pending a cash merger.

April 17, 2019
Ellie Mae (ELLI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $99 per share in cash.

Goldcorp (GG) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.02 and 0.328 shares of NEM for each share of GG previously held.

Ophthotech (OPHT) performed a ticker change to ISEE, and changed its corporate name to Iveric bio, resulting in a CUSIP number change.

Belmond (BEL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25 per share in cash.

April 16, 2019
Murata Manufacturing (MRAAY) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of MRAAY for every 1.

Ellie Mae (ELLI) was delisted pending liquidation.

April 15, 2019
Bridgepoint Education (BPI) performed a ticker change to ZVO.

Vital Therapies (VTL) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker symbol to IMUX. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IMUX for every 40 shares of VTL previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Virtus Cumberland Municipal Bond ETF (CUMB) was delisted pending liquidation.

The following Deutsche Bank ETNs were delisted to OTC:  AGF, BDD, BOM, BOS, DAG, DDP, DYY, OLO, SZO, DOD, FIEG.

April 12, 2019
eHi Car Services (EHIC) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $12.20 cash per each share of EHIC previously held.

VanEck Vectors Generic Drugs ETF (GNRX) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $22.44103 cash per each share of GNRX previously held.

Renmin Tianli (BIQI) changed its corporate name to BIQI International Holding, and changed its CUSIP number.

Rexahn Pharmaceuticals (RNN) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RNN for every 12 shares previously held.

VanEck Vectors Pre-Refunded Municipal Index ETF (PRB) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $24.54873 cash per each share of PRB previously held.

VanEck Vectors Poland ETF (PLND) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $17.05686 cash per each share of PLNB previously held.

Pacira (PCRX) changed its corporate name to Pacira BioSciences, resulting in a CUSIP number change.

April 11, 2019
Ensco (ESV) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ESV for every 4 shares previously held.

AirMedia Group (AMCN) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AMCN for every 5 shares previously held.

Luokung Technology ADR (LKCO) was terminated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.898271 per share in cash.

Rowan Companies (RDC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6875 shares of ESV for each share of RDC previously held.

(ANWWQ) went through a bankruptcy. This means that shares were removed and shareholders received an Escrow CUSIP (ANWWQ^), which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Morgan Stanley Asia-Pacific Fund (APF) is transitioning from a closed-end fund to an open-end fund. Shares will be removed, shareholders will receive 0.67857373 shares of Escrow CUSIP (APF^).

April 10, 2019
BTCS Inc. Common Stock (BTCS) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker symbol to BTCSD. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BTCSD for every 30 shares of BTCS previously held.

April 9, 2019
Prana Biotechnology (PRAN) performed a ticker change to ATHE.

eHi Car Services (EHIC) was delisted pending liquidation.

SSLJ.Com Ltd (SSLJ) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SSLJ for every 5 shares previously held.

LiqTech (LIQT) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LIQT for every 4 shares previously held.

Novartis (NVS) performed a spinoff of ALC. For every 5 shares of NVS held, shareholders will receive 1 share of ALC.

OncoMed Pharmaceuticals (OMED) distributed CVR which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

April 8, 2019
Marathon Patent Group (MARA) 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MARA for every 4 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Midatech Pharma (MTP) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MTP for every 10 shares previously held.

Diamond Hill Valuation-Weighted 500 ETF (DHVW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive three separate payments of $0.17472571, $5.02166429 and $27.26627089 per share in cash.

Morgan Stanley Asia Pacific Fund (APF) was delisted pending an acquisition. Details are still pending.

The following VanEck Vectors ETFs were delisted pending liquidation: PLND, PRB, GNRX.

Olympus (OCPNY) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of OCPNY for every 1 share previously held.

April 5, 2019
Pershing Gold (PGLC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.715 shares of USAS for each share of PGLC previously held.

JPMorgan Diversified Return International Currency Hedged ETF (JPIH) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $28.9192 cash per each share of  JPIH previously held.

JPMorgan Diversified Return Europe Currency Hedged ETF (JPEH) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $27.6557 cash per each share of JPEH previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

Banco Bradesco SA (BBD) distributed a stock dividend of 0.20 per share. Shareholders will receive 1 additional share of BBD for every 5 shares previously held.

Arris Group (ARRS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.75 per share in cash.

Roadrunner (RRTS) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RRTS for every 25 shares previously held.

Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc (TR) distributed an 3% stock dividend. Shareholders received 0.03 additional shares for every share previously held.

April 4, 2019
ARCA biopharma (ABIO) performed a 1 for 18 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ABIO for every 18 shares previously held.

Aegean Marine Petroleum Network Inc. (ANWWQ) was delisted from the OTC market and is no longer trading anywhere.

Pershing Gold Corp (PGLC) was delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

April 3, 2019
Immune Design (IMDZ) was delisted pending an acquisition. Details are still pending.

Blue Hills Bank (BHBK) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $5.25 and 0.2308 shares of INDB for each share of BHBK previously held.

National Commerce (NCOM) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.65 shares of CSFL for each share of NCOM previously held.

W. R. Berkley (WRB) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of WRB for every 2.

Aceto Corp. (ACET) delisted to OTC and performed a ticker change to ACETQ.

April 2, 2019
DSW Inc. (DSW) performed a ticker change to DBI, and changed its corporate name to Designer Brands.

KCAP Financial, Inc. (KCAP) performed a ticker change to PTMN, and changed its corporate name to Portman Ridge Finance Corporation.

Orchids Paper Products Company (TIS) performed a ticker change to TISUQ.

Southcross Energy Partners LP (SXEE) performed a ticker change to SXEEQ.

Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IRWD) performed a spinoff of CYCN. For every 10 shares of IRWD held, shareholders will receive 1 share of CYCN.

DowDuPont Inc. (DWDP) performed a spinoff of DOW. For every 3 shares of DWDP held, shareholders will receive 1 share of DOW.

April 1, 2019
InspireMD (NSPR) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NSPR for every 50 shares previously held.

ReWalk Robotics (RWLK) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RWLK for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded down.

Integrated Device Technology (IDTI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $49.00 per share in cash.

HomeTown Bank (HMTA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.415 shares of AMNB for each share of HMTA previously held.

Belmont Savings Bank (BLMT) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 2 shares of PBCT for each share of BLMT previously held.

Dover Downs Gaming (DDE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.089872 shares of TRWH for each share of DDE previously held.

National Commerce Corp (NCOM) was delisted pending an acquisition. Details are still pending.

March 29, 2019
Advaxis (ADXS) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ADXS for every 15 shares previously held.

Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Class A (HOV) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HOV for every 25 shares previously held.

BK Technologies, Inc. (BKTI) changed its corporate name to BK Technologies Corporation, resulting in a CUSIP number change.

AdvisorShares Madrona Forward Domestic ETF (FWDD) was liquidated and paid a dividend. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $50.74362 per share in cash for the liquidation and $0.10586 per share as a dividend payment.

AdvisorShares Madrona Forward International ETF (FWDI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.31049 per share in cash for the liquidation and $0.11361  per share as a dividend payment.

Owens Realty Mortgage (ORM) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.441 shares of RC for each share of ORM previously held.

Nexeo Solutions (NXEO) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $3.02 and 0.305 shares of UNVR for each share of NXEO previously held.

Nexeo Solutions, Inc. (NXEOU) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $3.02 in cash, 0.305 shares of UNVR and one share of NXEOW for each share of NXEOU previously held.

JPMorgan Diversified Return International Currency Hedged ETF (JPIH) was delisted pending liquidation.

JPMorgan Diversified Return Europe Currency Hedged ETF (JPEH) was delisted pending liquidation.

Dover Downs Gaming (DDE) was delisted pending an acquisition. Details are still pending.

WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged Japan Equity ETF (DDJP) changed its ticker symbol to JAMF.

WisdomTree Dynamic Currency Hedged Europe Equity fund (DDEZ) changed its ticker symbol to EUMF.

March 28, 2019
Capital Product (CPLP) performed a 1 for 7 Reverse Split along with a spinoff of DSSI. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CPLP for every 7 shares previously held and 1 share of DSSI for every 10.19149 shares of CPLP previously held.

Pain Therapeutics (PTIE) changed its ticker symbol to SAVA.

STERIS (STE) had a domicile change from UK to Ireland, which resulted in a 1:1 CUSIP change.

Truett-Hurst (THST) was delisted to OTC.

March 27, 2019
Cloud Peak Energy Inc. (CLD) performed a ticker change to CLDL. The stock has also been delisted to OTC.

Tronox Ltd (TROX) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change. The new shares of TROX are now tradeable on Robinhood.

Parker Drilling Company (PKDSQ) is pending bankruptcy, was delisted and distributed warrants. Shareholders will receive 0.16496703 warrants (PKDSQ^) and 0.01447489 new shares of PKDSQ for each share currently held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Argitek Holdings Inc (AGTKD) was delisted to OTC.

Grizzly Gold Corp. (GRZG) was delisted.

The following Gabelli NextShares Trust were delisted pending liquidation: GRBIC, FOANC

Capital Product (CPLP) was delisted pending a corporate action. Details are still pending.

March 26, 2019
CorMedix (CRMD) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CRMD for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Agritek Holdings (AGTK) performed a 1 for 200 Reverse Split and was delisted to OTC.

Mabvax Therapeutics Holdings Inc (MBVX) delisted to OTC and performed a ticker change to MBVXQ.

PHI INC/SH (PHII) delisted to OTC and performed a ticker change to PHIIQ.

PHI INC/SH NV (PHIIK) delisted to OTC and performed a ticker change to PHIKQ.

Bioblast Pharma Ltd (ORPN) performed a ticker change to ENLV and was delisted

March 25, 2019
Luxottica Group SpA ADR (LUXTY) was terminated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $55.882458 per share in cash.

WisdomTree Global SmallCap Dividend Fund (GSD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.291472 per share in cash.

WisdomTree Asia Local Debt ETF (ALD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $44.491476 per share in cash.

WisdomTree Japan Hedged Financials Fund (DXJF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.114013 per share in cash.

WisdomTree Australia Dividend Fund (AUSE) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $54.09391 per share in cash.

WisdomTree Global Hedged SmallCap Dividend ETF (HGSD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.973566 per share in cash.

WisdomTree Japan Hedged Quality Dividend Growth Fund (JHDG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.696142 per share in cash.

WisdomTree Brazilian Real Strategy ETF (BZF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.574619 per share in cash.

WisdomTree Europe Domestic Economy Fund (EDOM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.591132 per share in cash.

Global Ship Lease (GSL) performed a 1 for 8  Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GSL for every 8 shares previously held.

(GraniteShares Platinum Shares (PLTM) performed a 10 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 10 shares of WIT for every 1.

The following AdvisorShares ETFs were delisted pending liquidation: FWDD, FWDI.

MB Financial Inc (MBFI) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $5.54 and 1.45 shares of FITB for each share of MBFI previously held.

March 22, 2019
Legg Mason Emerging Markets Diversified Core ETF (EDBI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.22 per share in cash.

Legg Mason US Diversified Core ETF (UDBI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.22 per share in cash.

Legg Mason Developed EX-US Dive (DDBI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $26.78 per share in cash.

MB Financial Inc (MBFI) were delisted pending a merger with FITB. Details are still pending.

March 21, 2019
Haymaker Acquisition Corp. (HYAC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of OSW for each share of HYAC previously held.

IntelliPharmaCeutics International Inc. (IPCI) performed a ticker change to IPCIF. The stock has also been delisted to OTC.

March 20, 2019
Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX) merged into TCFC and issued new shares of FOX. Shareholders will receive 0.736817 shares of TFCF and 0.333333333333 shares of FOX for each share of FOX previously held.

Twenty-First Century Fox Inc Class A (FOXA) merged into TFCFA and issued new shares of FOXA. Shareholders will receive 0.736817 shares of TFCFA and 0.333333333333 shares of FOXA for each share of FOXA previously held.

Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (TFCF) merged into DIS. Shareholders will receive 0.4517 shares of DIS for each share of TFCF previously held.

Twenty-First Century Fox Inc Class A (TFCFA) merged into DIS. Shareholders will receive 0.4517 shares of DIS for each share of TFCFA previously held.

SerenityShares Impact ETF (ICAN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.49 per share in cash.

Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp. (SHIP) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SHIP for every 15 shares previously held.

Haymaker Acquisition Corp. (HYAC) was delisted.

March 19, 2019
Nevsun Resources Ltd. (NSU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.49313673 per share in cash.

SerenityShares Impact ETF (ICAN) was delisted pending liquidation.

Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX) & Twenty-First Century Fox Inc Class A (FOXA) were delisted pending a merger. Details are still pending.

March 18, 2019
Attis Industries, Inc. (ATIS) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ATIS for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

PDS Biotechnology (EDGE) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker symbol to PDSB. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PDSB for every 20 shares of EDGE previously held.

OUTLOOK THERAPEUTICS, INC. (OTLK) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OTLK for every 8 shares previously held.

Auris Medical AG (EARS) changed its corporate name to Auris Medical Holding AG, and changed its CUSIP number.

The following Legg Mason ETFs were delisted pending liquidation: UDBI, DDBI, EDBI.

March 15, 2019
Reebonz Holding Limited (RBZ) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RBZ for every 8 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

DPW Holdings (DPW) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DPW for every 20 shares previously held.

Wipro Limited (WIT) performed a 4 for 3 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of WIT for every 3 shares previously held.

The following WisdomTree ETFs were delisted pending liquidation: AUSE, BZE, EDOM, ALD, DXJF, JHDG, HGSD, GSD.

March 14, 2019
Iconix Brand Group (ICON) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ICON for every 10 shares previously held.

Arsanis, Inc (ASNS) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker symbol to XFOR. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XFOR for every 6 shares of ASNS previously held.

Esterline Technologies (ESL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $122.50 per share in cash.

March 13, 2019
EnSync (ESNC) was delisted to OTC.

Antero Midstream GP (AMGP) performed a ticker change to AM.

Antero Midstream Partners (AM) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $3.415 and 1.635 shares of new AM (Antero Midstream GP) for each share of AM previously held.

March 12, 2019
Ocean Power Technologies (OPTT) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OPTT for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Verizon 5.9% Notes due 2054 (VZA) were called by the issuer. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.106527 per share in cash.

Hemispherx BioPharma Inc Rights (HEB^) have expired worthless.

Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc Warrants (ATNRW) have expired worthless.

GraniteShares Gold Trust (BAR) performed a 10 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 10 shares of BAR for every 1 share previously held.

March 11, 2019
Civitas Solutions Inc (CIVI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $17.75 per share in cash.

DropCar (DCAR) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DCAR for every 6 shares previously held.

NutriSystem Inc. (NTRI) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $38.75 and 0.2141 shares of TVTY for each share of NTRI previously held.

Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) performed a ticker change to SGYPQ. The stock was delisted to OTC.

Gazit Globe Ltd (GZT) performed a ticker change to GZTGF. The stock was delisted to OTC.

March 8, 2019
Asterias Biotherapeutics Inc (AST) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.71 shares of BTX for each share of AST previously held.

Civitas Solutions Inc (CIVI) was delisted pending an acquisition. Details are still pending.

Gazit Globe Ltd (GZT) was delisted. Details are still pending.

Nevsun Resources (NSU) was delisted. Details are still pending.

One Horizon Group Inc (OHGI) was delisted to OTC.

Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) filed for bankruptcy, and was delisted. Details are still pending.

March 6, 2019
Endologix (ELGX) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ELGX for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Diana Containerships (DCIX) changed its corporate name to Performance Shipping.

Priority Technology Holdings Unit (PRTHU) was delisted to OTC.

March 5, 2019
Pernix Therapeutics (PTX) performed a ticker change to PTXTQ. The stock was delisted to OTC.

xG Technology (XGTI) performed a ticker change to VISL.

Majesco Rights (MJCO^) have expired worthless.

RoadRunner Transportation Systems Rights (RRTS^) have expired worthless.

Second Sight Medical Products Rights (EYES^) have expired worthless.

Ellington Financial (EFC) performed a change from an MLP to a common stock.

March 4, 2019
Buzz US Sentiment Leaders ETF (BUZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $35.1054358 per share in cash.

Beneficial Bancorp (BNCL) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $2.93 and 0.3013 shares of WSFS for each share of BNCL previously held.

Investment Technology Group (ITG) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.30 per share in cash.

Sparton Corporation (SPA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.50 per share in cash.

Renren Inc (REN) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $14 and 0.2366 shares of XEC for each share of REN previously held.

March 1, 2019
Eclipse Resources (ECR) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split, and performed a ticker change to MR. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MR for every 15 shares of ECR previously held.

Minco Gold Corp (MGHCF) changed its corporate name to Minco Capital Corp.

Aberdeen Standard Bloomberg Energy Commodity Longer Dated Strategy K-1 Free ETF (AOIL) performed a ticker change to BEF.

FAT Brands (FAT) distributed a 2.127% stock dividend. Shareholders received 0.021276596197 additional shares for every share previously held.

MDC Holdings (MDC) distributed an 8% stock dividend. Shareholders received 0.08 additional shares for every share previously held.

ACS Actividades De Construccion Y Servicios SA Unsponsored ADR (ACSAY) distributed a 1.3% stock dividend. Shareholders received 0.013157894736 additional shares for every share previously held.

Beneficial Bancorp (BNCL) was delisted pending an acquisition. Details are still pending.

Investment Technology Group (ITG) was delisted pending an acquisition. Details are still pending.

Nexeo Solutions (NXEO) was delisted pending an acquisition. Details are still pending.

Resolute Energy Corp (REN) was delisted pending an acquisition. Details are still pending.

February 28, 2019
Eco-Stim Energy Solutions (ESES) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split, and changed its ticker symbol to ESESD.

Western Gas Equity Partners (WGP) performed a ticker change to WES.

Western Gas Partners LP (WES) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.525 new shares of WES for each old share of WES previously held.

Southcross Energy Partners (SXE) performed a ticker change to SXEE. The stock was delisted to OTC.

Reebonz Holdings Warrants (RBZAW) performed a ticker change to RBZWF. The security was delisted to OTC.

TransAlta Corporation (TAC) performed a ticker change to TSLTF. The stock was delisted to OTC.   February 27, 2019   Morgan Stanley Emerging Markets Fund (MSF) was liquidated. Shares were removed and shareholders will receive 0.68986425 shares of MSF^, which represents the right to receive potential future distributions.

TransMontaigne Partners (TLP) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $41 per share in cash.

Invesco Canadian Energy Income ETF (ENY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.9571 per share in cash.

Invesco Zacks International Multi-Asset Income ETF (HGI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $15.88355 per share in cash.

Invesco WilderHill Progressive Energy ETF (PUW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.30162 per share in cash.

Invesco Emerging Markets Infrastructure ETF (PXR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $34.8435 per share in cash.

Invesco Zacks Micro Cap ETF (PZI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $18.53292 per share in cash.

Invesco Wilshire Micro-Cap ETF (WMCR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $32.83731 per share in cash.

Invesco Wilshire US REIT ETF (WREI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $49.09768 per share in cash.

Invesco Multi-Factor Large Cap ETF (GMFL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.32958 per share in cash.

Invesco U.S. Large Cap Optimized Volatility ETF (OVLC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.39274 per share in cash.

Invesco FTSE RAFI Asia Pacific ex-Japan ETF (PAF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $53.61411 per share in cash.

Invesco China All-Cap ETF (YAO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.4609 per share in cash.

Invesco Russell 2000 Equal Weight ETF (EQWS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $43.14405 per share in cash.

Invesco DWA Momentum & Low Volatility Rotation ETF (DWLV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $31.02461 per share in cash.

Invesco S&P 100 Equal Weight ETF (OEW) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $33.44306 per share in cash.

Invesco Global Agriculture ETF (PAGG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.90183 per share in cash.

Invesco Chinese Yuan Dim Sum Bond ETF (DSUM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.27213 per share in cash.

Invesco S&P 500 Value With Momentum ETF (SPVM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.71848 per share in cash.

Invesco Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Invesco Multi-Strategy Alternative ETF (LALT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.79255 per share in cash.

Invesco Global Gold and Precious Metals ETF (PSAU) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $19.75945 per share in cash.

February 26, 2019
India Globalization Capital (IGCC) performed a ticker change to IGC. The stock was relisted from OTC.

Eaton Vance New Jersey Municipal Income Trust (EVJ) merged into EVN. Shareholders will receive 1.03325245 shares of EVN for each share of EVJ previously held.

Tahoe Resources (TAHO) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $0.67 and 0.19292199 shares of PAAS for each share of TAHO previously held. Shareholders will also receive a CVR, which pays additional cash if the company hits certain milestones.

General Electric (GE) performed a spinoff of WAB. For every share of GE held, shareholders will receive 0.005403 shares of WAB.

General Electric (GE) performed a spinoff and merger of its transportation subsidiary with WAB, adjusting the deliverable of all outstanding GE options contracts.

GE changes to GE1 and the new deliverable is 100 General Electric Company (GE) Common Shares as well as cash in lieu of approximately 0.5403 fractional WAB shares. GE1 will be Position Close Only.

February 25, 2019
NxStage Medical (NXTM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30 per share in cash.

Safety, Income & Growth Inc (SAFE) changed its corporate name to Safehold Inc.

XpresSpa Group (XSPA) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of XSPA for every 20 shares previously held.

Morgan Stanley Emerging Markets Fund (MSF) was delisted pending liquidation.

Eaton Vance New Jersey Municipal Income Trust (EVJ) was delisted pending liquidation.

February 22, 2019
Melinta Therapeutics (MLNT) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MLNT for every 5 shares previously held.

RENN Fund Inc. Rights (RCG^) have expired worthless.

Command Security (MOC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.85 per share in cash.

Tahoe Resources (TAHO) was acquired by PAAS. Details about the merger are still pending.

NxStage Medical (NXTM) was acquired by FME. Details about the merger are still pending.

Commercial International Bank ADR (CIBEY) distributed a 25% stock dividend. This means that shareholders will receive 1 additional share for every 4 shares previously held.

February 21, 2019
Apartment Investment and Management Company (AIV) performed a 1 for 1.03119 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AIV for every 1.03119 shares previously held.

Natuzzi, S.p.A (NTZ) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NTZ for every 5 shares previously held.

Sanchez Energy (SN) performed a ticker change to SNEC, and was delisted to OTC. The stock is currently untradeable, as of 2/21.

Orbotech (ORBK) was acquired by KLAC. Details about the merger are still pending.

The following Invesco ETFs have been delisted pending liquidation: DSUM, ENY, HGI, PSAU, PUW, PXR, PZI, WMCR, WREI, GMFL, SPVM, LALT, OVLC, PAF, YAO, EQWS, DWLV, OEW, PAGG.

February 20, 2019
TrovaGene (TROV) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TROV for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Aradigm (ARDM) performed a ticker change to ARDMQ. The stock was delisted to OTC.

Immune Pharmaceuticals (IMNP) performed a ticker change to IMNPQ. The stock was delisted to OTC.

MagneGas Applied Technology Solutions (MNGA) performed a ticker change to TRNX.

Chr. Hansen Holding (CHYHY) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of CHYHY for every 1 share previously held.

February 19, 2019
BEST Inc ADR (BSTI) performed a ticker change to BEST.

Urban Tea (DELT) performed a ticker change to MYT.

LOXO performed a cash merger. The exact terms are still TBD.

February 15, 2019
iPass Inc (IPAS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.17 shares of TEUM for each share of IPAS previously held.

MINDBODY Inc (MB) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $36.50 per share in cash.

Newfield Exploration (NFX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 2.6719 shares of ECA for each share of NFX previously held.

Petroquest Energy (PQUEQ) was deemed worthless after the company's bankruptcy.

Real Goods Solar (RGSE) was delisted to OTC.

Interlink Electronics (LINK) was delisted. The company is planning to go private.

Aspen Insurance (AHL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $42.75 per share in cash.

February 14, 2019
Axovant Sciences (AXON) performed a ticker change to AXGT.

AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. 7.25% Subordinated Notes Due 2055 (AFSS) performed a ticker change to AFFS. The stock has also been delisted to OTC.

AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. 7.50% Subordinated Notes Due 2055 (AFST) performed a ticker change to AFFT. The stock has also been delisted to OTC.

Medical Transcription Billing Corp (MBTC) changed its corporate name to MTBC Inc.

Windtree Therapeutics (WINT) distributed warrants. Shareholders will receive 0.6148 warrants (WINT^) for each share currently held.

Newfield Exploration (NFX) was acquired by ECA. Details about the merger are still pending.

February 13, 2019
Helios & Matheson (HMNY) was delisted to OTC.

Woori Bank (WF) changed its corporate name to Woori Financial Group. Trading is no longer suspended.

February 12, 2019
Bellatrix Exploration (BXE) performed a ticker change to BXEFF.

Ditech Holding Corp (DHCP) performed a ticker change to DHCPQ.

February 11, 2019
Celldex Therapeutics (CLDX) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CLDX for every 15 shares previously held.

athenahealth (ATHN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $135 per share in cash.

Petroquest Energy (PQUEQ) was delisted from OTC. The stock is no longer trading.

February 8, 2019
NF Energy Saving Corp (NFEC) performed a ticker change to BIMI.

  Dun & Bradstreet (DNB) was taken private. Details about the merger are still pending.

February 7, 2019
REX BKCM ETF (BKC) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.87 per share in cash.

James Purpose Based Investment ETF (JPBI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.85 per share in cash.

Majesco (MJCO) distributed 1 right for every share currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price ($7.10/share).

Centene Corporation (CNC) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of CNC for every 1 share previously held.

MagneGas Applied Technology Solutions (MNGA) changed its corporate name to Taronis Technologies, Inc.

February 6, 2019
Pulmatrix Inc (PULM) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PULM for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Essendant Inc (ESND) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.80 per share in cash.

February 5, 2019
Vectren Corp (VVC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $72 per share in cash.

Roadrunner Transportation Systems (RRTS) distributed 1 right for every share currently held. The rights represent a voluntary offer to purchase shares at a discounted price ($0.50/share).

February 4, 2019
Alliance MMA (AMMA) performed a 1 for 19 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker symbol to WORX. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of WORX for every 19 shares of AMMA previously held.

Ohr Pharmaceutical (OHRP) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OHRP for every 20 shares previously held.

Electro Scientific Industries (ESIO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30 per share in cash.

WildHorse Resource Development (WRD) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 5.989 shares of CHK for each share of WRD previously held.

February 1, 2019
Access National Corporation (ANCX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.75 shares of UBSH for each share of ANCX previously held.

Asia Pacific Fund (APB) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.54 per share in cash.

MagneGas Corp (MNGA) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MNGA for every 20 shares previously held.

Pandora Media (P) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.44 shares of SIRI for each share of P previously held.

Platform Specialty Products (PAH) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of ESI for each share of PAH previously held.

SendGrid (SEND) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.485 shares of TWLO for each share of SEND previously held.

January 31, 2019
CGI Group Inc (GIB) changed its corporate name to CGI Inc.

January 30, 2019
iPath S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures ETN (VXX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $38.2766 per share in cash.

iPath S&P 500 VIX Mid-Term Futures ETN (VXZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.1158 per share in cash.

January 29, 2019
Bojangles Inc (BOJA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.10 per share in cash.

CVR Refining (CVRR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.50 per share in cash.

InterContinental Hotels Group (IHG) paid a special dividend. The placeholder CUSIP (IHGZZZ) was removed, and shareholders received $2.61 per share in cash.

January 28, 2019
Nordic American Offshore (NAO) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NAO for every 10 shares previously held.

Dominion Energy Midstream Partners (DM) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.2492 shares of D for each share of DM previously held.

EnLink Midstream Partners (ENLK) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.15 shares of ENLC for each share of ENLK previously held.

CHDN performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of CHDN for every 1 share previously held.

January 25, 2019
Titan Pharmaceuticals (TTNP) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TTNP for every 6 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Emerald Oil (EOXLQ) was deemed worthless after the company's bankruptcy.

January 24, 2019
Apricus Biosciences (APRI) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker to SEEL. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SEEL for every 30 shares of APRI previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive future distributions.

January 23, 2019
Eaton Vance New Jersey Municipal Bond Fund (EMJ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.064455143 shares of EIM for each share of EMJ previously held.

Eaton Vance Ohio Municipal Bond Fund (EIO) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.013662562 shares of EIM for each share of EIO previously held.

Eaton Vance Pennsylvania Municipal Bond Fund (EIP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.034833791 shares of EIM for each share of EIP previously held.

Eaton Vance Massachusetts Municipal Income Trust (MMV) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.122489022 shares of EVN for each share of MMV previously held.

Eaton Vance Ohio Municipal Income Trust (EVO) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.115925441 shares of EVN for each share of EVO previously held.

Eaton Vance Pennsylvania Municipal Income Trust (EVP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.017985612 shares of EVN for each share of EVP previously held.

January 22, 2019
iKang Healthcare Group ADR (KANG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20.60 per share in cash.

January 18, 2019
Bio-Path Holdings (BPTH) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of BPTH for every 20 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Scorpio Tankers (STNG) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of STNG for every 10 shares previously held.

Bitcoin Investment Trust (GBTC) changed its name to Grayscale Bitcoin Trust.

Hanwha Q CELLS (HQCL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.85 per share in cash.

January 17, 2019
China Commercial Credit (GLG) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GLG for every 5 shares previously held.

ProSports Sponsors ETF (FANZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.437182 per share in cash. Shareholders also received an Escrow CUSIP (FANZZZ), which represents the right to potential future distributions.

January 15, 2019
Intersections Inc (INTX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $3.68 per share in cash.

Community Health Systems Contingent Value Rights (CYHHZ) have expired worthless.

January 14, 2019
Engility Holdings (EGL) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.45 shares of SAIC for each share of EGL previously held.

InterContinental Hotels Group (IHG) performed a 19 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 19 shares of IHG for every 20 shares previously held. Shareholders also received 1 share of IHGZZZ, which gives holders the right to receive a special dividend, if a special dividend is paid in the future.

January 11, 2019
Apptio (APTI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $38 per share in cash.

Cemtrex Rights (CETX^) have expired worthless.

Fibria Celulose (FBR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.23065 shares of SUZ for each share of FBR previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive potential future distributions.

Shire PLC (SHPG) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 5.034 shares of TAK for each share of SHPG previously held. Shareholders will also receive an Escrow CUSIP, which represents the right to receive potential future distributions.

Woori Bank (WF) was delisted. The stock is currently not trading.

January 10, 2019
EQGP Holdings (EQGP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $20 per share in cash.

Imperva (IMPV) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $55.75 per share in cash.

Valero Energy Partners (VLP) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $42.25 per share in cash.

Citigroup Warrants (C+A) have expired worthless.

PNC Financial Services Warrants (PNC+) have expired worthless.

January 9, 2019
ConvergeOne Holdings (CVON) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.50 per share in cash.

January 8, 2019
First Financial Bancorp Warrants (FFBCW) have expired worthless.

Black Box Corporation (BBOX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.10 per share in cash.

January 7, 2019
Federal Street Acquisition Corp (FSAC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of AGTI for each share of FSAC previously held.

Nuverra Environmental Solutions Rights (NES^) have expired worthless.

January 4, 2019
ConvergeOne Holdings Warrants (CVONW) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1 per share in cash.

Green Bancorp (GNBC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.79 shares of VBTX for each share of GNBC previously held.

Guarantee Bancorp (GBNK) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.45 shares of IBTX for each share of GBNK previously held.

Hortonworks Inc (HDP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.305 shares of CLDR for each share of HDP previously held.

Och-Ziff Capital Management (OZM) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OZM for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

January 3, 2019
CHF Solutions (CHFS) performed a 1 for 14 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CHFS for every 14 shares previously held.

Navios Maritime Holdings (NM) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NM for every 10 shares previously held.

Agria Corp (GRO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.189764 per share in cash.

January 2, 2019
Bovie Medical Corporation (BVX) performed a ticker change to APYX.

FCB Financial Holdings (FCB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.055 shares of SNV for each share of FCB previously held.

Imprimis Pharmaceuticals (IMMY) performed a ticker change to HROW.

Marine Harvest (MGHVY) changed its corporate name to Mowi ASA.

Maxar Technologies (MAXR) changed its domicile from Canada to the US.

Regional Health Properties (RHE) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RHE for every 12 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

SCANA Corporation (SCG) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.669 shares of D for each share of SCG previously held.

State Bank Financial (STBZ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.271 shares of CADE for each share of STBZ previously held.

Michael Kors (KORS) performed a ticker change to CPRI, and changed its corporate name to Capri Holdings.

Dell Technologies performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.8066 shares of DELL for each share of DVMT previously held.

Randgold Resources (GOLD) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 6.128 shares of ABX for each share of GOLD previously held.

Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) performed a ticker change to GOLD.

Select Income REIT (SIR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.04 shares of GOV for each share of SIR previously held.

Government Properties Income Trust (GOV) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker symbol to OPI. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of OPI for every 4 shares of GOV previously held.

December 31, 2018
EventShares U.S. Policy Alpha ETF (PLCY) performed a 1:1 CUSIP change. The new shares of PLCY are now tradeable on Robinhood.

BlackRock Municipal 2018 Term Trust (BPK) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.66 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive one share of BPK^, which represents the right to receive potential future distributions.

BlackRock New York Municipal 2018 Term Trust (BLH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.59 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive one share of BLH^, which represents the right to receive potential future distributions.

BlackRock California Municipal 2018 Term Trust (BJZ) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.89 per share in cash. Shareholders will also receive one share of BJZ^, which represents the right to receive potential future distributions.

Catabasis Pharmaceuticals (CATB) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CATB for every 10 shares previously held.

Eldorado Gold Corporation (EGO) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EGO for every 5 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be dropped.

Stellar Acquisition III (STLR) performed a ticker change to PHUN, and changed its corporate name to Phunware.

Kosmos Energy (KOS) changed its domicile from Bermuda to the US.

Dell Technologies (DVMT) is in the process of a merger. Details are still TBD.

December 28, 2018
 Gabelli Utility & Income Trust Rights (GLU^) have expired worthless.

Investors Real Estate Trust (IRET) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IRET for every 10 shares previously held.

Sky Ltd (SKYAY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $87.21 per share in cash.

Fieldstone Merlin Dynamic Large Cap Growth ETF (FMDG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.20 per share in cash.

Tactile Analytics AR/VR Virtual Technologies Fund (ARVR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $16.02 per share in cash.

Invesco BulletShares 2018 Corp Bond ETF (BSCI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $21.15 per share in cash.

Invesco BulletShares 2018 High Yield Corp Bond ETF (BSJI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.12 per share in cash.

O'Shares FTSE Asia Pacific Quality Dividend ETF (OASI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.83 per share in cash.

O'Shares FTSE Russell International Quality Dividend ETF (ONTL) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.39 per share in cash.

December 27, 2018
Mazor Robotics (MZOR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $58.45 per share in cash.

December 26, 2018
Camber Energy (CEI) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CEI for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

GrowLife Rights (PHOT^) have expired worthless.

Mason Resources (MSSNF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $0.2944856 per share in cash.

December 24, 2018
Draper Oakwood Technology Acquisition (DOTA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of RBZ for each share of DOTA previously held.

EnviroStar (EVI) changed its corporate name to EVI Industries, and changed its CUSIP number.

Express Scripts (ESRX) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $48.75 and 0.2434 shares of CI for each share of ESRX previously held.

Horizons NASDAQ-100 Covered Call ETF (QYLD) is now Global X NASDAQ 100 Covered Call ETF.

Horizons DAX Germany ETF (DAX) is now Global X DAX Germany ETF.

Horizons S&P 500 Covered Call ETF (HSPX) is now Global X S&P 500 Covered Call ETF

XOMA Corp Warrants (XOMA^) have expired worthless.

XO Group (XOXO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $35 per share in cash.

Endocyte Inc (ECYT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24 per share in cash.

December 21, 2018
Ability Inc Warrants (ABIWF) have expired worthless.

Cigna (CI) performed a CUSIP change after its acquisition of Express Scripts.

  Corporate Capital Trust (CCT) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 2.3552 shares of FSK for each share of CCT previously held.

Express Scripts (ESRX) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $47.75 and 0.2134 shares of CI for each share of ESRX previously held.

December 20, 2018
Datawatch Corporation (DWCH) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.10 per share in cash.

Enbridge Energy Partners LP (EEP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.335 shares of ENB for each share of EEP previously held.

Enbridge Energy Management LLC (EEQ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.335 shares of ENB for each share of EEQ previously held.

iBonds Dec 2018 Term Corporate ETF (IBDH) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25.18 per share in cash.

FS Investment Corp (FSIC) performed a ticker change to FSK.

Determine Inc (DTRM) was delisted to OTC.

Corporate Capital Trust (CCT) performed a stock merger with FSK. Details are still TBD.

Mazor Robotics (MZOR) was acquired by Medtronic. Details are still TBD.

December 19, 2018
Pulse Biosciences Rights (PLSE^) have expired worthless.

Eaton Vance Michigan Municipal (EMI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.05497 shares of EVM for each share of EMI previously held.

Eaton Vance California Municipal Bond Fund II (EIA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.026034 shares of EVN for each share of EIA previously held.

Eaton Vance Massachusetts Municipal Bond Fund (MAB) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.103422 shares of EIM for each share of MAB previously held.

Eaton Vance Michigan Municipal Bond Fund (MIW) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.125559 shares of EIM for each share of MIW previously held.

Eaton Vance New York Municipal Bond Fund II (NYH) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.960888 shares of ENX for each share of NYH previously held.

Spectra Energy Partners (SEP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.111 shares of ENB for each share of SEP previously held.

December 18, 2018
Cambium Learning Group (ABCD) performed a cash merger.  Shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.50 per share in cash.

GAFISA S.A. (GFA) performed a ticker change to GFASY.

Pacific Drilling S.A. (PACDD) performed a ticker change to PACD.

Landmark Bancorp (LARK) distributed a stock dividend of 0.05 per share. Shareholders will receive 1 additional share of LARK for every 20 shares previously held.

Commerce Bancshares (CBSH) distributed a stock dividend of 0.05 per share. Shareholders will receive 1 additional share of CBSH for every 20 shares previously held.

December 17, 2018
Platinum Group Metals (PLG) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PLG for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares at 0.5 or above resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Axar Acquisition Corp. (AXRAW) shares have expired worthless.

December 14, 2018
Navios Maritime Midstream Partners (NAP) performed a stock merger with Navios Maritime Acquisition Corporation (NNA). Shareholders will receive 0.42 shares of NNA for each share of NAP previously held.

Cass Information Systems (CASS) distributed a stock dividend of 0.2 per share. This means that shareholders will receive 1 additional share of CASS for every 5 shares previously held.

Diffusion Pharmaceuticals (DFFN) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DFFN for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Global Boatworks Holdings (GBBT) performed a 1 for 1,000 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GBBT for every 1,000 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

December 13, 2018
Interphase Corporation (INPHQ) shares have expired worthless.

Spirit Realty Capital (SRC) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SRC for every 5 shares previously held.

Keryx Biopharmaceuticals (KERX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3743  shares of AKBA for each share of KERX previously held.

Piedmont Lithium Limited (PLLL) performed a ticker change to PLL.

Parker Drilling Company (PKD) delisted to OTC and performed a ticker change to PKDSQ.

December 12, 2018
JetPay (JTPY) performed a cash merger.  This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $5.05 per share in cash.

RiceBran Technologies Warrants (RIBTW) have expired worthless.

December 11, 2018
Midatech Pharma Rights (MTP^) have expired worthless.

Oclaro Inc (OCLR) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $5.60 and 0.0636 shares of LITE for each share of OCLR previously held.

Rollins Inc (ROL) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of ROL for every 2 shares previously held.

Poage Bankshares (PBSK) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.335 shares of CHCO for each share of PBSK previously held.

December 10, 2018
SodaStream International (SODA) performed a cash merger.  This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $144 per share in cash.

RadiSys Corporation (RSYS) performed a cash merger.  This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.72 per share in cash.

OvaScience (OVAS) 1 for 15 Reverse Split, along with a ticker change to MLND. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MLND for every 15 shares of OVAS previously held.

Forest City Realty Trust (FCE.A) performed a cash merger.  This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.35 per share in cash.

ClearOne Rights (CLRO^) have expired worthless.

Poage Bankshares (PBSK) has been acquired by City Holding Company. Further details are still TBA.

Inpixion (INPX) distributed 1 right for every share currently held. The rights would allow shareholders to acquire warrants and preferred shares.

December 7, 2018
Associated Banc Corp Warrants (ASBWS) have expired worthless.

Sonic (SONC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $43.50 per share in cash.

Industrea Acquisition Corp (INDU) performed a ticker change to BBCP.

Industrea Acquisition Corp Warrants (INDUW) performed a ticker change to BBCPW.

Industrea Acquisition Corp Units (INDUU) performed a ticker change to BBCPU.

SodaStream (SODA) was acquired by Pepsi. Further details are TBA.

Jetpay (JTPY) was acquired by NCR. Further details are TBA.

December 6, 2018
LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.92 shares of PEB for each share of LHO previously held.

American Railcar Industries (ARII) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $70 per share in cash.

Global X NASDAQ China Technology ETF (QQQC) performed a ticker change to CHIC.

December 5, 2018
Concordia International (CXRXF) performed a ticker change to ADVZ.

Corium International (CORI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.50 per share in cash.

Mitel Networks (MITL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11.15 per share in cash.

Nuveen High Income December 2018 Target Term Fund (JHA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.94 per share in cash.

Ocean Rig (ORIG) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $12.75 and 1.16128 shares of RIG for each share of ORIG previously held.

December 4, 2018
Oncobiologics (ONS) performed a ticker change to OTLK.

Oncobiologics Warrants (ONSIW) performed a ticker change to OTLKW.

Navios Maritime Partners (NMM) performed a spinoff of NMCI. For every 200 shares of NMM held, shareholders will receive 1 share of NMCI.

December 3, 2018
Apollo Investment Corp (AINV) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AINV for every 3 shares previously held.

LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) was acquired by Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (PEB). The exact terms are TBD. The stock is currently untradeable.

Mitel Networks Corp (MITL) was acquired by Searchlight Capital Partners. The exact terms are TBD. The stock is currently untradeable.

November 30, 2018
Energen Corporation (EGN) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.6442 shares of FANG for each share of EGN previously held.

REX VolMAXX Short VIX Futures Strategy ETF (VMIN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $2.78 per share in cash.

BioTime (BTX) performed a spinoff of AGE. For every 10 shares of BTX held, shareholders will receive 1 share of AGE.

CBAK Energy Technology (CBAK) performed a ticker change to CBAY.

November 29, 2018
Aetna (AET) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $145 and 0.8378 shares of CVS for each share of AET previously held.

AmTrust Financial Services (AFSI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $14.75 per share in cash.

Dextera Surgical (DXTRQ) went through a bankruptcy. This means that shares were removed and shareholders received 1 share of DXTRQZZ for each share of DXTRQ previously held. DXTRQZZ represents the right of a holder to receive potential future distributions.

QUANTX Risk Managed Real Return ETF (QXRR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $22.62198 per share in cash.

QuantX Risk Managed Multi-Asset Income ETF (QXMI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $24.27181 per share in cash.

Power Clouds Inc (PWCL) performed a ticker change to ALTN.

November 28, 2018
Rockwell Collins (COL) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $93.33 and 0.37525 shares of UTX for each share of COL previously held.

Tonix Pharmaceuticals (TNXP) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of TNXP for every 10 shares previously held.

Zions Bancorp Warrants (ZIONZ) have expired worthless.

SunTrust Bank Warrants (STI+B) have expired worthless.

Ita Unibanco (ITUB) performed a 3 for 2 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of ITUB for every 2 shares previously held.

Bank of Marin Bancorp (BMRC) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of BMRC for every 1 share previously held.

Corium International (CORI) entered into a merger agreement with Gurnet Point Capital. Terms of the deal are TBD, and the stock is currently untradeable.

November 27, 2018
Capital One Financial Warrants (COF+) have expired worthless.

Rockwell Collins (COL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash for their shares. The exact amount of cash is TBD.

Thomson Reuters (TRI) performed a 1 for 0.9079 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 0.9079 shares of TRI for every 1 share previously held.

REX VolMAXX Short VIX Futures Strategy ETF (VMIN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash for their shares. The exact amount of cash is TBD.

Nuveen High Income December 2018 Target Term Fund (JHA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash for their shares. The exact amount of cash is TBD.

November 26, 2018
Ares Management LP (ARES) is now Ares Management Common Stock.

VelocityShares 3x Inverse Natural Gas ETN (DGAZ) performed a 1 for for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of DGAZ for every 20 shares previously held.

Latin American Discovery Fund (LDF) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $12.18 and 1 share of ZZZLDF for each share of LDF previously held. ZZDLDF represents the right of a holder to receive potential future distributions.

November 23, 2018
Banco de Chile (BCH) performed a 3 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of BCH for every 1 share previously held.

Zoe's Kitchen (ZOES) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $12.75 per share in cash.

Perfumania Holdings (PERFQ) was deemed worthless after the company's bankruptcy. Shareholders' positions have been deleted.

Rex Energy (REXXQ) was deemed worthless after the company's bankruptcy. Shareholders' positions have been deleted.

QuantX Risk Managed Multi-Asset Income ETF (QXMI) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash for their shares. The exact amount of cash is TBD.

November 21, 2018
TCF Financial Warrants (TCFWS) have expired worthless.

Valley National Bancorp Warrants (VLYWW) have expired worthless.

Zoe's Kitchen (ZOES) has been delisted. The stock is currently untradeable.

November 20, 2018
ClearBridge American Energy MLP Fund (CBA) performed a stock merger with EMO. Shareholders will receive 0.691518 shares of EMO for each share of CBA previously held.

MCBC Holdings (MCFT) changed its corporate name to MasterCraft Boat Holdings.

New York & Company (NWY) performed a stock merger with RTW Retailwinds (RTW). Shareholders will receive 1 share of RTW for each share of NWY previously held.

Nuveen Build America Bond Opportunity Fund (NBD) merged into Nuveen Build America Bond Fund (NBB). Shareholders will receive 1.07322841 shares of NBB for each share of NBD previously held.

FunctionX Inc (FNCX) was delisted from OTC. The stock is currently not trading.

Boston Private Financial Holdings Warrants (BPFHW) have expired worthless.

November 19, 2018
RXi Pharmaceuticals (RXII) performed a ticker change to PHIO.

KMG Chemicals (KMG) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $65 and 0.2 shares of CCMP for each share of KMG previously held.

Landcadia Holdings (LCA) performed a ticker change to WTRH.

Pacific Drilling (PACDQ) performed a 1 for 10000 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PACDQ for every 10000 shares previously held.

Nuveen Build America Bond Opportunity Fund (NBD) merged into Nuveen Build America Bond Fund (NBB). Details are still pending.

Latin American Discovery Fund (LDF) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash for their shares. The exact amount of cash is TBD.

Associated Banc Corp Warrants (ASB+) have been delisted. They are currently untradeable.

ClearBridge American Energy MLP Fund (CBA) was acquired by EMO. Details are still pending.

FunctionX Inc (FNCX) was delisted. The stock is currently untradeable.

November 16, 2018
Kobe Steel (KST) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders received $12.63 per share in cash.

Deutsche Multi-Market Income Trust (KMM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders received $9.04 per share in cash.

Anchor Bancorp (ANCB) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $12.40 and 0.2921 shares of FSBW for each share of ANCB previously held.

LifePoint Health (LPNT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders received $65 per share in cash.

Spi Energy Co (SPI) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SPI for every 10 shares previously held.

Landcadia Holdings Warrants (LCAHW) performed a ticker change to WTRHW.

GulfMark Offshore (GLF) was delisted.

Barclays Coffee Total Return ETN (BJO) performed a ticker change to JO.

Barclays S&P GSCI Crude Oil ETN (OILB) performed a ticker change to OIL.

November 15, 2018
GulfMark Offshore Inc (GLF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.1 shares of TDW for each share of GLF previously held.

Zions Bancorporation (ZIONZ) warrants have expired worthless.

Aphria Inc (APHA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $10.31 per share in cash.

MagicJack VocalTec (CALL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.71 per share in cash.

KMG Chemicals (KMG) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $55.65 and 0.2 shares of CCMP for each share of KMG previously held.

November 14, 2018
Navios Maritime Acquisition Corp (NNA) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NNA for every 15 shares previously held.

Gabelli Global Utility & Income Trust (GLU) distributed 1 right for every share currently held. The rights would allow shareholders to acquire additional common shares and newly issued Series B Preferred Shares.

Lime Energy (LIME) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $6.36 and 1 share of LIME^ for each share of LIME previously held. LIME^ represents the right of a holder to receive potential future distributions.

November 13, 2018
EQT Corporation (EQT) performed a spinoff of ETRN. For every 1.25 shares of EQT held, shareholders will receive 1 share of ETRN.

Seven Stars Cloud Group (SSC) changed its ticker symbol to IDEX, and its corporate name to Ideanomics Inc.

Rennova Health (RNVA) performed a 1 for 500 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RNVA for every 500 shares previously held.

Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust (RPT) changed its corporate name to RPT Realty.

November 12, 2018
K2M Group Holdings (KTWO) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.50 per share in cash.

Comerica Inc Warrants (CMA+) have expired worthless.

Deutsche Multi-Market Income Trust (KMM) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash for their shares. The exact amount of cash is TBD.

Deutsche Strategic Income Trust (KST) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash for their shares. The exact amount of cash is TBD.

CafePress Inc (PRSS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.48 per share in cash.

November 9, 2018
Cresud (CRESY) distributed a stock dividend of 4.29%. This means that shareholders will receive 1 additional share of CRESY for every 23.31 shares previously held.

Contura Energy (CNTE) performed a ticker change CTRA.

Enbridge Energy Management (EEQ) distributed a stock dividend of 3.29%. This means that shareholders will receive 1 additional share of EEQ for every 30.4 shares previously held.

November 8, 2018
Akers Biosciences (AKER) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AKER for every 8 shares previously held.

Reshape Lifesciences (RSLS) performed a 1 for 140 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RSLS for every 140 shares previously held.

MiMedx Group (MDXG) was delisted and now trades OTC.

Petroquest Energy (PQUE) performed a ticker change to PQUEQ.

WSI Industries (WSCI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7 per share in cash.

November 7, 2018
TJX Companies (TJX) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 shares of TJX for every 1 share previously held.

Coca-Cola European Partners (CCE) performed a ticker change to CCEP.

Aegean Marine Petroleum Network (ANW) performed a ticker change to ANWWQ. The stock was delisted and now trades OTC.

Ditech Holding Corporation Series A Warrants (DHCP+A) performed a ticker change to DHCPW.

Ditech Holding Corporation Series B Warrants (DHCP+B) performed a ticker change to DHCBW.

November 6, 2018
Sphere 3D (ANY) performed a 1 for 8 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ANY for every 8 shares previously held.

Amedica Corporation (AMDA) performed a ticker change to SINT.

CA Technologies (CA) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders received $44.50 per share in cash.

Easterly Acquisition Corp (EACQ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.609 shares of SG for each share of EACQ previously held.

November 5, 2018
InterCloud Systems Warrants (ICLDW) have expired worthless.

KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp (KS) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $35 KS previously held.

New York REIT (NYRT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash for their shares. The exact amount of cash is TBD.

Senomyx Inc (SNMX) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.50 per share in cash.

Trinity Industries (TRN) performed a spinoff of ACA. For every 3 shares of TRN held, shareholders will receive 1 share of ACA.

November 2, 2018
Gastar Exploration (GSTC) changed its ticker symbol to GSTCQ.

Inpixon (INPX) performed a 1 for 40 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of INPX for every 40 shares previously held.

Differential Brands Group (DFBG) changed its ticker symbol to CTRC, and its corporate name to Centric Brands.

Edgewater Technology (EDGW) performed a stock merger with ALYA. Shareholders will receive 1.1918 shares of ALYA for each share of EDGW previously held.

ChipMOS Technologies (IMOS) performed a reorganization. Shareholders will receive $0.818545 and 0.84992312 shares of IMOS for each share of IMOS previously held.

November 1, 2018
Eagle Test Systems (EGLT) changed its ticker symbol to EGLTQ.

James Biblically Responsible Investment ETF (JBRI) changed its ticker symbol to JPBI, and its corporate name to James Purpose Based Investment ETF.

PennyMac Financial Services Class A Shares (PFSI) are now PennyMac Financial Services Common Stock. The ticker symbol remains the same.

RLJ Entertainment (RLJE) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $6.25 per share in cash.

October 31, 2018
Honeywell (HON) performed a spinoff of REZI. For every 6 shares of HON held, shareholders will receive 1 share of REZI.

Praxair Inc (PX) performed a stock merger with LIN. Shareholders will receive 1 share of LIN for each share of PX previously held.

World Technology Corp (WCOR) changed its ticker symbol to HLOC, and its corporate name to Helo Corp.

October 30, 2018
Golden Star Resources (GSS) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of GSS for every 5 shares previously held.

India Globalization Capital (IGC) was delisted. Its ticker symbol is now IGCC.

MagneGas Corporation (MNGA) changed its corporate name to MagneGas Applied Technology Solutions.

October 29, 2018
Citigroup Warrants (CGBBW) have expired worthless.

October 26, 2018
VanEck Vectors J.P. Morgan EM Local Currency Bond ETF (EMLC) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EMLC for every 2 shares previously held.

VanEck Vectors High-Yield Municipal ETF (HYD) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of HYD for every 2 shares previously held.

VanEck Vectors AMT-Free Interm Muni ETF (ITM) performed a 1 for 2 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ITM for every 2 shares previously held.

iShares Russell Mid-Cap ETF (IWR) performed a 4 for 1 Forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 4 shares of IWR for every 1 share previously held.

Pinnacle Foods (PF) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $43.11 and 0.6494 shares of CAG for each share of PF previously held.

October 25, 2018
Bank of America Warrants (BAC+B) have expired worthless.

Wells Fargo Warrants (WFC+) have expired worthless.

October 24, 2018
(MBNAA) performed a 1 for 3 reverse split, and changed its ticker symbol to AMTB. Shareholders will now hold 1 share of AMTB for every 3 shares of MBNAA previously held.

(MBNAB) performed a 1 for 3 reverse split, and changed its ticker symbol to AMTBB. Shareholders will now hold 1 share of AMTBB for every 3 shares of MBNAB previously held.

Sears Holdings (SHLD) performed a ticker change to SHLDQ. The stock has been delisted and now trades OTC.

Sears Holdings Warrants (SHLDW) performed a ticker change to SHLWQ. The warrants have been delisted and they now trade OTC.

JPMorgan Chase Warrants (JPM+) have expired worthless.

October 23, 2018
Aurora Cannabis (ACBFF) performed a ticker change to ACB.

iShares MSCI Global Impact ETF (MPCT) performed a ticker change to SDG.

Perry Ellis International (PERY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.50 per share in cash.

Invuity Inc (IVTY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $7.40 per share in cash.

October 22, 2018
SuperValu Inc (SVU) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $32.50 per share in cash.

ALPS/Dorsey Wright Sector Momentum ETF (SWIN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $30.46507544 per share in cash.

Amplify YieldShares Senior Loan and Income ETF (YESR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23.6278354 per share in cash.

October 19, 2018
AG&E Holdings (AGNU) performed a ticker change to AGNUQ.

Monotaro Co (MONOY) distributed a 100% stock dividend. Shareholders received 1 additional share for every share previously held.

Syneron Medical (ELOS) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders received $8.25 per share.

Advaxis Inc Warrants (ADXSW) expired worthless.

Energy Transfer Partners (ETP) performed a stock merger with ET. Shareholders will receive 1.28 shares of ET per 1 share of ETP previously held.

October 18, 2018
Energy XXI Gulf Coast (EGC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $9.10 per share in cash.

Hill International (HILI) performed a ticker change to HIL.

Gores Holdings (GSHT) performed a ticker change to VRRM, and changed its name to Verra Mobility.

TapImmune Inc (TPIV) performed a ticker change to MRKR, and changed its name to Marker Therapeutics.

October 17, 2018
Xerium Technologies (XRM) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $13.50 per share in cash.

October 16, 2018
LM Funding America (LMFA) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of LMFA for every 10 shares previously held.

Pinnacle Entertainment (PNK) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $20 and 0.42 shares of PENN for each share of PNK previously held.

Reis Inc (REIS) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $23 per share in cash.

Vina Concha y Toro (VCOYY) was terminated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash for their shares. The exact amount of cash is TBD.

Versartis (VSAR) performed a 1 for 6 Reverse Split, and changed its ticker symbol to ARAV. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ARAV for every 6 shares of VSAR previously held.

October 15, 2018
Globus Maritime (GLBS) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. Shareholders will now hold 1 share of GLBS for every 10 shares previously held.

VelocityShares 3x Long Gold ETN (UGLD) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. Shareholders will now hold 1 share of UGLD for every 10 shares previously held.

VelocityShares 3x Long Silver ETN (USLV) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. Shareholders will now hold 1 share of USLV for every 10 shares previously held.

Liquid Media Group (YVR) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. Shareholders will now hold 1 share of YVR for every 5 shares previously held.

October 12, 2018
DDR performed a name and ticker change to SITE Centers (SITC).

Web.com Group (WEB) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $28 for each share of WEB previously held.

Steven Madden (SHOO) performed a 3 for 2 forward split. Shareholders will hold 3 shares of SHOO for every 2 shares previously held.

October 11, 2018
  Envision Healthcare (EVHC) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $46 per share in cash.

AdvisorShares Wilshire Buyback ETF (TTFS) performed a ticker change to DBLV.

WMIH Corp (WMIH) performed a ticker change to COOP and a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of COOP for every 12 shares previously held.

October 10, 2018
KLX Inc (KLXI) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $63 per share in cash.

AdvisorShares KIM Korea Equity ETF (KOR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $$26.52614 per share in cash.

Tronc Inc (TRNC) performed a ticker change to TPCO.

Gramercy Property Trust (GPT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.50 per share in cash.

Syntel Inc (SYNT) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $41 per share in cash.

Valley National Bancorp Warrants (VLY+) performed a ticker change to VLYWW.

Westmoreland Coal Company (WLBA) performed a ticker change to WLBAQ.

October 9, 2018
Cel-Sci Corporation Warrants (CVM+) expired worthless

October 8, 2018
Concordia International (CXRXD) performed a ticker change to CXRXF.

Fujitsu Ltd (FJTSY) performed a 150% stock dividend. Shareholders will receive 1.5 additional shares for every share currently held.

Coastway Bancorp (CWAY) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $28.25 per share in cash.

Madison Strategic Sector Premium Fund (MSP) merged into MCN. Shareholders will receive 1.493683 shares of MCN for each share of MSP previously held.

October 5, 2018
Cemtrex Series 1 Preferred (CETXP) distributed a 5% stock dividend. Shareholders will receive 1 additional share for every 20 shares currently held.

AV Homes (AVHI) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $12.64 and 0.4034 shares of RMHC for each share of AVHI previously held.

Meta Financial Group (CASH) performed a 3 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 3 shares of CASH for every 1 share previously held.

Convergys (CVG) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $13.25 and 0.1263 shares of SNX for each share of CVG previously held.

Amplify YieldShares Senior Loan and Income ETF (YESR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash for their shares. The exact amount of cash is TBD.

October 4, 2018
PHH Corporation (PHH) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $11 per share in cash.

Nordea Bank (NRDBV) performed a ticker change to NRDBY.

Regulus Therapeutics (RGLS) performed a 1 for 12 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RGLS for every 12 shares previously held.

October 3, 2018
AV Homes (AVHI) was acquired by Taylor Morrison (TMHC). The amount that shareholders will receive is TBD.

October 2, 2018
LiveRamp Holdings (ACXM) performed a ticker change to RAMP.

Direxion Daily Silver Miners Bull 2X ETF (SHNY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $4.97657 per share in cash.

Xcerra (XCRA) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $9 and 0.2109 shares of COHU for each share of XCRA previously held.

Honeywell (HON) performed a spinoff of GTX. For every 10 shares of HON held, shareholders will receive 1 share of GTX.

AdvisorShares KIM Korea Equity ETF (KOR) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash for their shares. The exact amount of cash is TBD.

First Connecticut Bancorp (FBNK) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.725 shares of PBCT for each share of FBNK previously held.

October 1, 2018
Neonode (NEON) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NEON for every 10 shares previously held.

Nordea Bank (NRBAY) performed a ticker change to NRDBV.

Northwest Natural Gas (NWN) changed its corporate name to NW Natural.

Sutherland Asset Management (SLD) changed its ticker symbol to RC, and its corporate name to Ready Capital Corp.

CSOP China CSI 300 Dynamic ETF (HAHA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $27.3637766 per share in cash.

iSectors Post-MPT Growth ETF (PMPT) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash for their shares. The exact amount of cash is TBD.

CoBiz Financial (COBZ) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $5.70 and 0.17 shares of BOKF for each share of COBZ previously held.

Andeavor (ANDV) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $19.799044 and 1.62685156 shares of MPC for each share of ANDV previously held.

ITUS performed a ticker change to ANIX, and changed its corporate name to Anixa Biosciences.

American Lorain Company (ALN) performed a 1 for 25 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ALN for every 25 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

Axos Financial (BOFI) performed a ticker change to AX.

RMG Networks (RMGN) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $1.29 per share in cash.

ETFS Physical branded ETFs are now Aberdeen Standard ETFs. This includes GLTR, PALL, PPLT, SGOL, and SIVR.

September 27, 2018
Netlist (NLST) was delisted.

BioTime (BTX+) warrants will expire on October 1st. Their trading has been suspended until then.

September 26, 2018
Onconova Therapeutics (ONTX) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ONTX for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up to the nearest share.

September 25, 2018
CSOP China CSI 300 Dynamic ETF (HAHA) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash for their shares. The exact amount of cash is TBD.

Direxion Daily Silver Miners Bull 2X ETF (SHNY) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash for their shares. The exact amount of cash is TBD.

September 24, 2018
Arrow Financial (AROW) distributed a 3% stock dividend. Shareholders received 1 additional share for every 33 shares previously held.

Clean Diesel Technologies (CDTI) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of CDTI for every 5 shares previously held.

EV Energy Partners (EVEPQ) distributed warrants. Shareholders received 0.01557926 HRSTW warrants for each EVEPQ share previously held.

Advantage Oil & Gas (AAV) was delisted.

September 21, 2018
EV Energy Partners (EVEPQ) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.00973704 shares of HRST for each share of EVEPQ previously held. Any fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded down to zero.

Legacy Reserves (LGCY) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 new share of LGCY for each old share of LGCY previously held.

Neovasc (NVCN) performed a 1 for 100 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of NVCN for every 100 shares previously held.

September 20, 2018
Vector Group (VGR) distributed a 5% stock dividend. Shareholders received 1 additional share for every 20 shares previously held.

Cheniere Energy (CQH) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.475 shares of LNG for each share of CQH previously held.

Education Realty Trust (EDR) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $41.50/share in cash.

Looking Technology Corp ADR (LKCO) was terminated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash for their shares. The exact amount of cash is TBD.

September 19, 2018
Dex Media (DXMMQ) was declared worthless.

American Capital Senior Floating (ACSF) was liquidated.  Shareholders will receive $3.69 for each share previously held.

KLX Inc (KLXI) performed a spinoff of KLXE. For every 5 shares of KLXI held, shareholders will receive 2 shares of KLXE.

September 18, 2018
ProShares Short VIX Short Term Futures (SVXY) performed a 1 for 4 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SVXY for every 4 shares previously held.

ProShares Ultra VIX Short Term Futures (UVXY) performed a 1 for 5 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of UVXY for every 5 shares previously held.

Polarityte (COOL) performed a ticker change to PTE.

SPDR Solactive Canada ETF (QCAN) performed a ticker change to ZCAN.

SPDR MSCI Japan StrategicFactors ETF (QJPN) performed a ticker change to ZJPN.

September 17, 2018
SA Exploration (SAEX) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SAEX for every 20 shares previously held.

NRG Yield (NYLD) performed a ticker change to CWEN.

Hartford Quality Bonds ETF (HQBD) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive cash for their shares. The exact amount of cash is TBD.

Echelon Corporation (ELON) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $8.50 per share in cash.

Wells Fargo Series J Preferred Shares (WFC-J) were called by the issuer. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $25 per share in cash.

United Community Bancorp (UCBA) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $2.54 and 1.027 shares of CIVB for each share of UCBA previously held.

September 14, 2018
United States Short Oil Fund (DNO) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders received $46.53 per share.

United States Diesel Heating Oil Fund (UHN) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders received $20.00 per share.

United States Agriculture Index (USAG) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders received $15.79 per share.

Enduro Royalty Trust (NDRO) performed a ticker change to PVL.

Altimmune (ALT) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of ALT for every 30 shares previously held.

IntelliPharmaCeutics Intl (IPCI) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IPCI for every 10 shares previously held.

September 13, 2018
BofI Holding (BOFI) changed its corporate name to Axos Financial Inc.

Kingtone Wirelessinfo Solution Holding (KONE) performed a ticker change to LKCO.

Xspand Products Lab (XSPL) performed a ticker change to EDNT.

Infosys ADR (INFY) performed a 2 for 1 forward split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 share of INFY for every 1 share previously held.

September 12, 2018
XL Group Ltd (XL) performed a cash merger. This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $57.60 per share in cash.

Alliance One International, Inc. (AOI) changed its ticker change to PYX.

September 11, 2018
Vivus Inc (VVUS) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. This means that shareholders will receive 1 share for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share. For example, if you had 15 shares before the split, you would have 2 shares after the split.

Dyax Corp (DYAX) was liquidated. This means that shares were removed and shareholders received $4 per share in cash.

iBonds Sep 2018 Term Muni Bond ETF (IBMG) was liquidated. This means that share were removed and shareholders received $25.45 per share in cash.

BSD Medical Corp (PRSNQ) was liquidated. This means that share were removed and shareholders received $0.0245 per share in cash.

Concordia International Corp (CXRXF) performed a 1 for 300 reverse split and changed its ticker to CXRXD. This means that shareholders will receive 1 share of CXRXD for every 300 shares of CXRXF previously held. Fractional shares will be converted to cash, and paid out in 2-4 weeks. For example, if you had 450 shares before the split, you would now hold 1 share after the split, plus cash equivalent to 0.5 shares.

September 10, 2018
Quality Systems (QSII) performed a ticker change to NXGN.

JONES ENERGY (JONE)  performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JONE for every 20 shares previously held.

RAIT FINL TR (RASFD) performed a ticker change to RASF.

FI Enhanced Europe 50 ETN (FIEU) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $122.7613 per share of FIEU previously held.

RELX N.V. (RENX) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of RELX per 1 share of RENX previously held.

Cenveo (CVOVQ) was delisted.

MTGE Investment (MTGE) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive cash of $9.82 and 0.9519 NLY per MTGE share previously held.

September 7, 2018
Inpixon (INPX) performed a spin-off of SYSX at the rate 1 for 3. This means shareholders will receive 1 share of SYSX for every 3 shares of INPX held.

United States Diesel-Heating Oil Fund, LP (UHN) was liquidated.

United States Short Oil Fund (DNO) was liquidated.

United States Agriculture Index Fund (USAG) was liquidated.

Origo Acquisition Cp Wts Warrant 12/17/2021 (OAQCF) expired worthless.

September 6, 2018
First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI First Trust RBA Quality Income ETF (QINC) performed a ticker change to DDIV.

GKN plc American Depositary Receipt (GKNLY) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $5.65 cash for each share of GKNLY previously held.

September 5, 2018
Microbot Medical (MBOT) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of MBOT for every 15 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up. This means shareholders who previously held less than 15 shares will now hold 1 share of MBOT.

iShares iBonds Sep 2018 Term Muni Bond ETF (IBMG) was liquidated.

September 4, 2018
ILG (ILG) performed a cash and stock merger with VAC. Shareholders will receive cash of $14.75 per share and 0.165 VAC per 1 ILG previously held.

Charter Financial (CHFN) performed a cash and stock merger with CSFL. Shareholders will receive cash of $2.30 per share and 0.738 CSFL per 1 CHFN previously held.

August 30, 2018
First Trust Exchange-Traded Fund VI International Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (YDIV) performed a ticker change to FID.

August 29, 2018
EASTMAN KODAK COMPANY WARRANTS (KODK+) expired worthless.

Hooper Holmes (HPHW) performed a ticker change HPHWQ.

August 28, 2018
GGP (GGP) performed a cash merger.

August 27, 2018
Mastech Digital (MHH) performed a 2 for 1 forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 share of MHH for every 1 shares previously held.

Perion Network (PERI) performed a 1 for 3 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PERI for every 3 shares previously held.

Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund II (AGC) performed a merger with AVK.

Advent/Claymore Enhanced Growth and Income Fund (LCM) performed a merger with AVK.

Cotiviti Holdings (COTV) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $44.75 per share of COTV previously held.

August 24, 2018
Osprey Energy Acquisition (OSPR) performed a ticker change to FLMN.

August 23, 2018
Educational Development (EDUC) performed a 2 for 1 forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 share of EDUC for every 1 share previously held.

iPass (IPAS) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of IPAS for every 10 shares previously held.

August 22, 2018
A. Schulman (SHLM) performed a cash and stock merger with WSBC. Shareholders will receive cash of $42 per share and 1 contingent value right per 1 SHLM previously held.

DCT Industrial Trust (DCT) performed a stock merger with PLD.  Shareholders will receive 1.02 shares of PLD per 1 share of DCT previously held.

August 21, 2018
Central Federal (CFBK) performed a 2 for 11 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 share of CFBK for every 11 shares previously held.

Mattersight Corporation Common Stock (MATR) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $2.70 cash per share of MATR previously held.

Verifone Systems (PAY) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $24.03 cash per share of PAY previously held.

Farmers Capital Bank (FFKT) performed a  cash and stock merger with WSBC. Shareholders will receive cash of $5 per share and 1.0530 shares of WSBC per 1 FFKT previously held.

Aralez Pharmaceuticals (ARLZ) performed a ticker change to ARLZQ.

August 17, 2018
ASCENT SOLAR TECHNOLOGIES (ASTID) performed a ticker change to ASTI.

August 16, 2018
iShares Edge MSCI Multifactor Technology ETF - (TCHF) was liquidated.

iShares Edge MSCI Multifactor Healthcare ETF - (HCRF) was liquidated.

iShares Edge MSCI Multifactor Consumer Discretionary ETF - (CNDF) was liquidated.

iShares Edge MSCI Multifactor Financials ETF - (FNCF) was liquidated.

iShares Edge MSCI Multifactor Energy ETF - (ERGF) was liquidated.

iShares Currency Hedged International High Yield Bond ETF of ISHARES TRUST - (HHYX) was liquidated.

iShares Edge MSCI Min Vol EM Currency Hedged ETF - (HEMV) was liquidated.

iShares Edge MSCI Multifactor Utilities ETF - (UTLF) was liquidated.

iShares Edge MSCI Multifactor Industrials ETF - (INDF) was liquidated.

iShares Edge MSCI Multifactor Consumer Staples ETF - (CNSF) was liquidated.

iShares Edge MSCI Min Vol Global Currency Hedged ETF - (HACV) was liquidated.

iShares Currency Hedged MSCI ACWI ETF - (HACW) was liquidated.

iShares Edge MSCI Min Vol EAFE Currency Hedged ETF - (HEFV) was liquidated.

iShares Currency Hedged MSCI Europe Small-Cap ETF - (HEUS) was liquidated.

iShares Edge MSCI Multifactor Materials ETF - (MATF) was liquidated.

August 15, 2018
Depomed (DEPO) performed a ticker change to ASRT.

Xplore Technologies (XPLR) performed a cash merger with ZBRA. Shareholders will receive $6 cash per share of XPLR previously held.

Juniper Pharmaceuticals (JNP) performed a cash merger with CTLT. Shareholders will receive $11.50 cash per share of JNP previously held.

VelocityShares Daily 2x VIX Medium Term ETN (TVIZ) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $8.1844 cash for each share of TVIZ previously held.

Credit Suisse X-Links? WTI Crude Oil Index ETN (OIIL) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $41.2223 cash for each share of OIIL previously held.

VelocityShares VIX Medium Term ETN (VIIZ) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $61.1186 cash for each share of VIIZ previously held.

August 14, 2018
RAIT Financial Trust (RASF) performed a 1 for 50 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of RASF for every 50 shares previously held. RASF also performed a ticker change to RASFD.

August 13, 2018
Williams Partners (WPZ) performed a stock merger with WMB. Shareholders will receive 1.494 shares of WMB per 1 share WPZ previously held.

Leaf Group (LFGR) performed a ticker change to LEAF.

Enzymotec (ENZY) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $8.925 per share for each ENZY previously held.

Synthetic Biologics(SYN) performed a 1 for 35 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of SYN for every 35 shares previously held.

Aytu BioScience (AYTU) performed a 1 for 20 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of AYTU for every 20 shares previously held.

Leading Brands Inc Common Shares (LBIX) performed a ticker change to YVR.

August 10, 2018
MOL Global ADS (MOLGY) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $1.4614 cash for each share of MOLGY previously held.

August 9, 2018
TiGenix ADS (TIG) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $41.570832 cash for each share of TIG previously held.

August 8, 2018
iShares Intermediate-Term Corporate Bond ETF (IGIB) performed a 2 for 1 forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 share of IGIB for every 1 shares previously held.

iShares Short-Term Corporate Bond ETF (IGSB) performed a 2 for 1 forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 share of IGSB for every 1 shares previously held.

iShares Broad USD Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF (USIG) performed a 2 for 1 forward Split. This means shareholders will now hold 2 share of USIG for every 1 shares previously held.

August 6, 2018
NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE HOLDINGS (NSM) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 12.7793 shares of WMIH per 1 share of NSM previously held.

Managed Duration Investment Grade Municipal Fund (MZF) was liquidated.

Kayne Anderson Energy Total Return Fund, Inc. (KYE) performed a stock merger with KMF.

Kayne Anderson Energy Development Company (KED) performed a stock merger with KYN.

August 3, 2018
Triangle Capital (TCAP) performed a ticker change to BBDC.

August 2, 2018
Liberty Tax (TAX) performed a ticker change to TAXA.

August 1, 2018
CYS INVESTMENTS (CYS) performed a stock and cash merger. Shareholders will receive $0.0965 cash per share and 0.468 shares of TWO per 1 share CYS previously held.

Orient Paper (ONP) performed a ticker change to ITP.

iShares 1-3 Year Credit Bond ETF (CSJ) performed a ticker change to IGSB.

iShares 10+ Year Credit Bond ETF (CLY) performed a ticker change to IGLB.

iShares Intermediate Credit Bond ETF (CIU) performed a ticker change to IGIB.

iShares U.S. Credit Bond ETF (CRED) performed a ticker change to USIG.

iShares Interest Rate Hedged 10+ Year Credit Bond ETF (CLYH) performed a ticker change to IGBH.

KraneShares FTSE Emerging Markets Plus ETF (KEMP) performed a ticker change to KALL.

Baldwin & Lyons (Class A) (BWINA) performed a ticker change to PTVCA.

Baldwin & Lyons (Class B) (BWINB) performed a ticker change to PTVCB.

Capella Education Company (CPLA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.875 shares of STRA per 1 share CPLA previously held.   VanEck Vectors Spin-Off ETF (SPUN) was liquidated.

VanEck Vectors EM Investment Grade + BB Rated USD Sovereign Bond ETF (IGEM) was liquidated.

PENDRELL CORP Class A (PCOA) performed a 1 for 250 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PCOA for every 250 shares previously held.

ABAXIS (ABAX) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $83 cash per share of ABAX previously held.

Foundation Medicine (FMI) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $137 cash per share of FMI previously held.

July 31, 2018
JMU ADS (JMU) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of JMU for every 10 shares previously held.

NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE HOLDINGS (NSM) was acquired.

KLONDEX MINES (KLDX) performed a spinoff of HAVXF. Shareholders will receive 0.125 shares of HAVXF for every share of KLDX previously held.

KLONDEX MINES (KLDX) performed a stock and cash merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4136 shares of HL and $0.8411 cash per each share of KLDX previously held.

July 30, 2018
WPX Energy, Inc. 6.25% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (WPXP) was delisted.

July 27, 2018
Parker Drilling Company (PKD) performed a 1 for 15 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of PKD for every 15 shares previously held.

Quality Care Properties (QCP) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $20.75 cash per 1 share of QCP held.

July 26, 2018
TiGenix ADR (TIG) was acquired.

July 25, 2018
Helios and Matheson Analytics (HMNY) performed a 1 for 250 Reverse Split.

REX VolMAXX Long VIX Futures Strategy ETF (VMAX) was liquidated.

July 24, 2018
Superconductor Technologies (SCON) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split.

July 23, 2018
ASCENT SOLAR TECHNOLOGIES (ASTI) performed a 1 for 1000 Reverse Split and performed a ticker change to ASTID.

KLONDEX MINES (KLDX) was acquired.

Nustar GP Holdings (NSH) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.55 shares of NS per 1 share of NSH previously held.

Rice Midstream Partners (RMP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.3319 shares of EQM per 1 share of RMP previously held.

xG Technology warrants (XGTIW) have expired.

July 19, 2018
RSP PERMIAN (RSPP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.32 shares of CXO per 1 share of RSPP previously held.

Financial Engines (FNGN) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $45.00 cash per each share of FNGN previously held.

July 18, 2018
Boardwalk Pipeline Partners (BWP) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $12.06 cash per each share of BWP previously held.

VALIDUS HOLDINGS (VR) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $68.00 cash per each share of VR previously held.

Hudbay Minerals (HBM+) have expired.

July 17, 2018
Cellectar Biosciences (CLRB) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split.

JA Solar Holdings (JASO) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $7.50 cash per each share of JASO previously held.

July 16, 2018
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International (VRX) performed a name ticker change to BHC.

Bank OZK (OZRK) performed a ticker change to OZK.

HRG Group (HRG) performed a 0.16125488 for 1 Reverse Split and performed a ticker change to SPB.

OCI PARTNERS (OCIP) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $11.50 cash per each share of OCIP previously held.

Advanced Accelerator Applications ADR (AAAP) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $81.95 cash per each share of AAAP previously held.

July 13, 2018
First Defiance (FDEF) performed a 2 for 1 Forward Split.

China Commercial (CCCR) performed a ticker change to GLG.

Vina Concha Y Toro S.A. Sponsored ADR (VCO) performed a ticker change to VCOYY.

July 12, 2018
Vicon Industries (VII) performed a ticker change to VCON.

TINTRI (TNTR) performed a ticker change to TNTRQ.

WGL Holdings (WGL) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $88.25 cash per each share of WGL previously held.

July 11, 2018
Cool Holdings (IFON) performed a ticker change to AWSM.

July 10, 2018
Origin Agritech (SEED) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split.

Biocept (BIOC) performed a 1 for 30 Reverse Split.

Tactile Analytics AR/VR Virtual Technologies ETF (WEAR) performed a ticker change to ARVR.

Keurig Dr Pepper (DPS) performed a ticker change to KDP.

July 9, 2018
Interphase (INPHQ) was liquidated.

Cavium (CAVM) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $40 and 2.1757 shares of MRVL for each share of CAVM previously held.

Banro (BAA) was declared worthless.

July 5, 2018
JRjr33, Inc. (JRJR) performed a ticker change to JRJRQ.

July 3, 2018
Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation (IPCC) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $51.60 and 1.2019 shares of KMPR for each share of IPCC previously held.

Hawaiian Telcom (HCOM) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $30.75 and 1.6305  shares of CBB for each share of HCOM previously held.

Retail Value (RVI) performed a spinoff of DDR. Shareholders will receive one share of RVI for every 10 shares of DDR previously held.

July 2, 2018
Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (KND) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $9.00 per share.

Tallgrass Energy GP LP (TEGP) performed a ticker change to TGE.

TALLGRASS ENERGY PARTNERS LP (TEP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 2 shares of TGE for each share of TEP previously held.

Avanos Medical, Inc. (HYH) performed a ticker change to AVNS.

June 28, 2018
HEICO (HEI) performed a 5 for 4 forward split.

HEICO (HEI.A) performed a 5 for 4 forward split.

June 26, 2018
VelocityShares VIX Short Volatility Hedged ETN (XIVH) was liquidated.  Shareholders will receive $15.2897 per share of XIVH previously held.

VelocityShares VIX Tail Risk ETN  (BSWN) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $10.6961 per share of BSWN previously held.

E-TRACS UBS Bloomberg CMCI Energy ETN (UBN) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive 8.9638 per share of UBN previously held.

VelocityShares VIX Variable Long/Short ETN (LSVX) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $14.8886 per share of LSVX previously held.

ETRACS Monthly Reset 2xLeveraged S&P 500 total Return ETN (SPLX) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $57.6387 per share of SPLX previously held.

E-TRACS UBS Bloomberg CMCI Industrial Metals ETN (UBM) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $17.5496 per share of UBM previously held.

E-TRACS UBS Bloomberg CMCI Livestock ETN (UBC) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $18.1404 per share of UBC previously held.

Kyocera ADR (KYO) performed a ticker change to KYOCY.

June 25, 2018
RPX (RPXC) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $10.50 per share of RPXC previously held.

ARMO BioSciences (ARMO) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $50.00 per share of ARMO previously held.

Analogic (ALOG) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $84.00 per share of ALOG previously held.

Colony Capital (CLNS) performed a ticker change to CLNY.

June 21, 2018
8point3 Energy Partners LP Class A shares (CAFD) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $12.48 per share of CAFD previously held.

Arch Capital (ACGL) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

June 20, 2018
REX Gold Hedged S&P 500 ETF (GHS) was liquidated.

Naked Brand (NAKD) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

June 19, 2018
CHINA ZENIX AUTO INTERNATIONAL ADR (ZX) performed a ticker change to ZXAIY.

MOKO Social Media ADR (MOKOY) was delisted.

Porter Bank (PBIB) performed a ticker change to LMST.

Trex (TREX) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

June 18, 2018
Time Warner (TWX) was acquired by AT&T (T). Shareholders will receive cash of $53.75 and 1.437 shares of T per TWX share previously held.

Spirited Funds/ETFMG Whiskey & Spirits ETF (WSKY) was liquidated.

Blackhawk Network (HAWK) performed cash merger. Shareholders will receive $45.25 per share of HAWK previously held.

Horizon Bancorp (HBNC) performed a 3 for 2 forward split.

June 15, 2018
Layne Christensen (LAYN) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.27 shares of GVA for each share of LAYN previously held.

June 14, 2018
SPDR S&P 600 Small Cap ETF (SLY) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

SPDR S&P 600 Small Cap Value ETF (SLYV) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

SPDR S&P 400 Mid Cap Value ETF (MDYV) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

SPDR S&P 600 Small Cap Growth ETF (SLYG) performed a 4 for 1 forward split.

June 13, 2018
ARO Liquidation (AROPQ) was declared worthless.

SPDR S&P 400 Mid Cap Growth ETF (MDYG) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

June 12, 2018
Gener8 Maritime (GNRT) was acquired.

NeuroDerm (NDRM) was liquidated.

June 11, 2018
Premier Financial Bank (PFBI) performed a 5 for 4 forward split.

iBio (IBIO) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

June 8, 2018
Exponent (EXPO) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

VelocityShares Daily 2x VIX Short Term ETN (TVIX) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

VelocityShares VIX Medium Term ETN (VIIZ) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

June 7, 2018
Cumulus Media (CMLSQ) was declared worthless.

Barclays ETN+ FI Enhanced Europe 50 ETN (FEEU) was liquidated.

Electrum Special Acquisition (ELEC) was liquidated.

Electrum Special Acquisition Units (ELECU) was liquidated.

Orbital ATK (OA) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $134.50 for each share previously held.

Monsanto (MON) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $128 for each share previously held.

June 6, 2018
General Cable (BGC) performed cash merger. Shareholders will receive $30 per share of BGC previously held.

Westar Energy (WR) performed stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 shares of EVRG per each share of WR previously held.

Euroseas (ESEA) performed a spinoff of EDRY. For every 5 shares of ESEA held, shareholders will receive 1 share of EDRY.

DXC Technology Company (DXC) performed a spinoff of PRSP. For every 2 shares of DXC held, shareholders will receive 1 share of PRSP.

SPIRIT REALTY CAPITAL (SRC) performed a spinoff of SMTA. For every 10 shares of SRC held, shareholders will receive 1 share of SMTA.

Wyndham Destinations (WYND) performed a spinoff of WH. For every 1 shares of WYND held, shareholders will receive 1 share of WH.

Barclays ETN+ FI Enhanced Global High Yield ETN (FIGY)  was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $160.0672 for each share previously held.

June 5, 2018
Great Plains Energy (GXP) performed stock merger. Shareholders will receive .5981 shares of EVRG per each share of GXP previously held.

RELM Wireless (RWC) performed a ticker change to BKTI.

June 4, 2018
Gevo (GEVO)  performed a 1 for 20 reverse split.

ReShape Lifesciences (RSLS) performed a 1 for 15 reverse split.

TrovaGene (TROV) performed a 1 for 12 reverse split.

June 1, 2018
Fairmount Santrol (FMSA) was acquired.

Alliance (AHGP) was acquired.

Jaguar Health (JAGX) performed a 1 for 15 reverse split.

Xtrackers MSCI Brazil Hedged Equity ETF (DBBR) was liquidated.

Xtrackers MSCI EAFE Small Cap Hedged Equity ETF (DBES) was liquidated.

Oncolytics Biotech (ONCYD) performed a ticker change to ONCY.

May 31, 2018
LA QUINTA (LQ) was delisted.

May 30, 2018
Microsemi (MSCC) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $68.78 for each share previously held.

Curis (CRIS) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

Delcath Systems (DCTH) performed a ticker change to DCTHD.

May 29, 2018
Acer Warrant (ACERW) have expired worthless.

FIVE OAKS INVESTMENT (OAKS) performed a ticker change to HCFT.

Resource Capital (RSO) performed a ticker change to XAN.

Atlantic Coast Financial (ACFC) performed a cash and stock merger. Shareholders will receive $1.39 and .17 shares of ABCB per each share of ACFC previously held.

Hardinge (HDNG) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $18.50 for each share previously held.

Strategy Shares Active Alts Contrarian ETF (SQZZ) was liquidated.

ContraVir (CTRV) performed a 1 for 8 reverse split.

Windstream (WIN) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

May 25, 2018
REAL IND (RELYQ) performed a 1 for 200 reverse split and performed a ticker change to ELLH.

Fibrocell Science (FCSC) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

Bravo Brio Restaurant (BBRG) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $4.05 for each share previously held.

China Lodging ADR (HTHT) performed a 4 for 1 forward split.

iShares, Inc. iShares MSCI EM ESG Optimized ETF (ESGE) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

Hancock Whitney (HBHC) performed a ticker change to HWC.

ONCOLYTICS BIOTECH (ONCYF) performed a 2 for 19 reverse split and performed a ticker change to ONCYD.

May 24, 2018
ProShares UltraShort MSCI Brazil Capped (BZQ) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

ProShares Trust UltraShort MSCI Emerging Markets (EEV) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

ProShares UltraShort Dow 30 (DXD) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split.

ProShares UltraPro Short S&P 500 (SPXU) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split.

ProShares Short MidCap400 (MYY) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split.

ProShares UltraShort QQQ (QID) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split.

ProShares Short Dow30 (DOG) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split.

ProShares UltraShort FTSE China 50 of ProShares Trust (FXP) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split.

ProShares Trust ProShares UltraPro Short NASDAQ Biotechnology (ZBIO) performed a 1 for 2 reverse split.

ProShares UltraShort Semiconductors (SSG) performed a 1 for 2 reverse split.

ProShares UltraShort Basic Materials (SMN) performed a 1 for 2 reverse split.

ProShares Short Financials (SEF) performed a 1 for 2 reverse split.

Cytori Therapeutics (CYTX) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

Achieve Life Sciences (ACHV) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

Leucadia National (LUK) performed a ticker change to JEF.

ProShares Ultra MidCap400 (MVV) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

ProShares Ultra Financials (UYG) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

ProShares Ultra Dow30 (DDM) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

ProShares Ultra MSCI EAFE (EFO) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

ProShares UltraPro S&P 500 (UPRO) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

ProShares Ultra MSCI Japan (EZJ) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

ProShares Ultra Semiconductors (USD) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

ProShares UltraPro QQQ (TQQQ) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

May 23, 2018
Rosetta Genomics (ROSG) performed a ticker change to ROSGF.

First Federal of Northern Michigan Bank (FFNM) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.5760 of MFNC per each share of FFNM previously held.

May 22, 2018
REX ENERGY (REXX) performed a ticker change to REXXQ.

CommerceHub (CHUBA) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $22.75 for each share previously held.

CommerceHub (CHUBK) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $22.75 for each share previously held.

Rosetta Genomics (ROSG) performed a ticker change to ROSGF.

Petrobras Argentina (PZE) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.2101 shares of PAM per each share of PZE previously held.

May 21, 2018
ZAIS (ZAIS) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $4.1 for each share previously held.

Petrobras Argentina (PZE) was acquired.

Grana Y Montero ADR (GRAM) performed a ticker change to GRAMY.

DDR (DDR) performed a 1 for 2 reverse split.

May 18, 2018
Janus Detroit Street Trust Janus Henderson SG Global Quality Income ETF (SGQI) was liquidated.

Siliconware Precision Industries ADR (SPIL) was liquidated.

China Precision Steel (CPSL) was delisted.

Correvio Pharma (CRME) performed a ticker change to CORV.

May 17, 2018
AveXis (AVXS) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $218 for each share previously held.

E-TRACS UBS Long Platinum ETN (PTM) was liquidated.

LiNiu (LINU) performed a ticker change to LINUF.

RAIT Financial Trust 7.625% Senior Note due 2024 (RFT) performed a ticker change to RFTT.

Sesen Bio (EBIO) performed a ticker change to SESN.

Statoil ASA (STO) performed a ticker change to EQNR.

Correvio Pharma (CORV) performed a ticker change to CORV.

Stone Energy Warrants (SGY+) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 shares of TALO+ per each share of SGY+ previously held.

May 14, 2018
Dover (DOV) performed a spinoff of APY. For every 1 shares of DOV held, shareholders will receive 0.5 share of APY.

OptimizeRx (OPRX) performed a ticker change to OPRXD.

LiNiu (LINU) performed a ticker change to LINUF.

Primero Mining (PPPMF) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.0333 share of AG for each share of PPPMF previously held.

May 11, 2018
Mobileye NV Amstelveen Ordinary Shares (Netherlands) (MBBYF) was delisted.

EV Energy Partners, L.P. Common Units Representing Limited Partnership Interest (EVEP) was delisted.

Chicago Bridge & Iron Co (CBI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.82407 shares of MDR per each share of CBI previously held.

Biolase, Inc (BIOL) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

Stone Energy Corporation (SGY) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of TALO per each share of SGY previously held.

May 10, 2018
Stone Energy Warrants (SGY+) was delisted.

REAL IND (RELYQ) was delisted.

The9 (NCTY) performed a 1 for 3 reverse split.

McDermott (MDR) performed a 1 for 3 reverse split.

May 7, 2018
Impax Laboratories (IPXL) performed a ticker change to AMRX.

Argo Group International Holdings (AGII) performed a ticker change to ARGO.

Stellar Biotechnologies (SBOT) performed a 1 for 7 reverse split.

Fusion Connect (FSNN) performed a 2 for 3 reverse split.

May 3, 2018
Till Capital Ltd. Restricted Voting Shares (TIL) performed a ticker change to TILCF.

MuleSoft (MULE) was acquired.

May 2, 2018
Delcath Systems (DCTH) performed a 1 for 500 reverse split, and a ticker change to DCTHD.

iShares Global 100 ETF (IOO) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

iShares Global Healthcare ETF (IXJ) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

May 1, 2018
Aberdeen Chile (CH) Fund performed a ticker change to AEF.

Meridian Waste Solutions (MRDN) performed a ticker change to ATIS.

April 27, 2018
Erin Energy (ERN) performed a ticker change to ERINQ.

Archrock Partners (APLP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.4 shares of AROC per each share of APLP previously held.

Burcon NutraScience (BUR) performed a ticker change to BUROF.

April 25, 2018
Blue Buffalo Pet Products (BUFF) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $40 for each share previously held.

Republican Policies Fund (GOP) was liquidated.

Democratic Policies Fund (DEMS) was liquidated.

WESTMORELAND COAL (WLB) performed a ticker change to WLBA

April 24, 2018
Cogentix Medical (CGNT) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $3.85 for each share previously held.

U.S. Geothermal (HTM) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $5.45 for each share previously held.

Ashford Hospitality Prime (AHP) performed a ticker change to BHR.

April 23, 2018
STG Group (STGG) performed a ticker change to STGGQ.

Fenix Parts (FENX) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $0.40 for each share previously held.

Bear State Financial (BSF) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $10.28 for each share previously held.

Ability Warrants (ABIWD) performed a ticker change to ABIWF.

U.S. Tax Reform Fund (TAXR) performed a ticker change to PLCY.

First Trust Taiwan AlphaDex Fund (FTW) performed a ticker change to NFTY.

April 20, 2018
Atossa Genetics (ATOS) performed a 1 for 12 reverse split.

April 19, 2018
ARO Liquidation Inc Common Stock (AROPQ) was delisted.

RENTECH INC Common Stock (RTKHQ) was delisted.

April 18, 2018
Advanced Semiconductor (ASX) was delisted.

Siliconware Precision Industries (SPIL) was acquired.

National Research (NRCIA) performed a ticker change to NCR.

InVivo Therapeutics (NVIV) performed a 1 for 25 reverse split.

National Research (NRCIB) was delisted. Shareholders of NRCIB will receive one share of NCR and $19.59 for each share of NRCIB previously held.

April 17, 2018
DST Systems (DST) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $84 for each share previously held.

Bay Bancorp (BYBK) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.4088 shares of OLBK per each share of BYBK previously held.

April 16, 2018
Cogint (COGT) performed a ticker change to FLNT.

April 13, 2018
Barclays Bk PLC I Path S P GSCI Crude Oil Total Return ETN Due 08 14 2036 United Kingdom (OIL) performed a ticker change to OILNF.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path Dow Jones UBS Coffee Subindex Total Return ETN Due June 24 2038 United Kingdom (JO) performed a ticker change to JJOFF.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path Global Carbon ETN Due 06 24 2038 United Kingdom (GRN) performed a ticker change to GRNTF.

NTT DOCOMO Inc American Depositary Receipts Sponsored Japan (DCM) performed a ticker change to DCMYY.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path Bloomberg Grains Subindex Total Return ETN Due 10 22 2037 United Kingdom (JJG) performed a ticker change to JJGTF.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path Bloomberg Copper Subindex Total Return ETN Due 10 02 2037 United Kingdom (JJC) performed a ticker change to JJCTF.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path Dow Jones UBS Sugar Subindex Total Return ETN Due June 24 2038 United Kingdom (SGG) performed a ticker change to SGGFF.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path Bloomberg Livestock Subindex Total Return ETN Due 10 22 2037 United Kingdom (COW) performed a ticker change to COWTF.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path Bloomberg Nickel Subindex Total Return ETN Due 10 22 2037 United Kingdom (JJN) performed a ticker change to JJNTF.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path Bloomberg Cotton Subindex Total Return ETN Due 06 24 2038 United Kingdom (BAL) performed a ticker change to BALTF.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path MSCI India Index Total Return ETN Due 12 18 2036 United Kingdom (INP) performed a ticker change to INPTF.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path Bloomberg Industrial Metals Subindex Total Return ETN Due 10 22 2037 United Kingdom (JJM) performed a ticker change to JJMTF.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path Dow Jones UBS Aluminum Subindex Total Return ETN Due June 24 2038 United Kingdom (JJU) performed a ticker change to JJUFF.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path Dow Jones UBS Platinum Subindex Total Return ETN Due June 24 2038 United Kingdom (PGM) performed a ticker change to PGMFF.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path Bloomberg Energy Subindex Total Return ETN Due 10 22 2037 United Kingdom (JJE) performed a ticker change to JJETF.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path CBOE S P 500 Buy Write Index ETN Due 05 28 2037 United Kingdom (BWV) performed a ticker change to BWVTF.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path Optimized Currency Carry ETN Due 01 28 2038 United Kingdom (ICI) performed a ticker change to ICITF.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path Bloomberg Agriculture Subindex Total Return ETN Due 10 22 2037 United Kingdom (JJA) performed a ticker change to JJATF.

Barclays Bk PLC I Path Dow Jones UBS Precious Metals Subindex Total Return ETN Due June 24 2038 (JJP) performed a ticker change to JJPFF.

BARCLAYS BK PLC I Path Dow Jones UBS Softs Subindex Total Return ETN Due June 24 2038 (JJS) performed a ticker change to JJSSF.

Barclays Bk PLC Inverse S P 500 VIX Short Term Futures ETN Due 7 17 2020 United Kingdom (XXV) performed a ticker change to XXVFF.

iPath Pure Beta Coffee ETN (CAFE) was delisted.

iPath Pure Beta Cocoa ETN (CHOC) was delisted.

iPath Pure Beta Nickel ETN (NINI) was delisted.

iPath Pure Beta Sugar ETN (SGAR) was delisted.

iPath Pure Beta Cotton ETN (CTNN) was delisted.

iPath Pure Beta Copper ETN (CUPM) was delisted.

iPath Pure Beta Aluminum ETN (FOIL) was delisted.

iPath Pure Beta Livestock ETN (LSTK) was delisted.

iPath Pure Beta S&P GSCI Weighted ETN (SBV) was delisted.

Ply Gem Holdings (PGEM) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $21.64 for each share previously held.

April 12, 2018
REX ENERGY CORP Common Stock (REXX) was delisted.

Long Blockchain Corp Cmn Stk Common Stock (LBCC) was delisted.

Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $21.64 per share.

April 10, 2018
CSRA Inc (CRSA) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $41.25 per share.

First Acceptance Corp. (FAC) performed a ticker change to FACO.

Dynegy Inc (DYN) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.652 shares of VST per each share of DYN previously held.

Breitburn Energy Partners LP Common Units Representing Limited Partnership (BBEPQ) was delisted.

April 6, 2018
Turtle Beach (HEAR) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split.

Callidus Software (CALD) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $36 for each share previously held.

Fogo de Chao (FOGO) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $15.75 for each share previously held.

April 5, 2018
Celadon Group (CGI) performed a ticker change to CGIP.

April 4, 2018
Almost Family (AFAM) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.915 shares of LHCG for each share of AFAM previously held.

CSRA (CSRA) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $41.25 for each share previously held.

Orexigen Therapeutics (OREX) performed a ticker change to OREXQ.

April 3, 2018
Check-Cap (CHEK) performed a 1 for 12 reverse stock split.

April 2, 2018
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MTU) performed a ticker change to MUFG.

pSivida (PSDV) performed a ticker change to EYPT.

Clifton Bancorp (CSBK) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.1910 shares of KRNY for each share of CSBK previously held.

MainSource Financial Group (MSFG) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.3875 share of FFBC for each share of MSFG previously held.

Terra Nitrogen Company (TNH) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $84.033 for each share previously held.

Summit Water ETF (WTRX) was liquidated.

March 29, 2018
Brown Brown Inc (BRO) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

Direxion Daily Energy Bear 3 X Shares (ERY) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

Direxion Daily S P Biotech Bear 3 X Shares (LABD) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

Direxion Daily Emerging Markets Bear 3 X Shares (EDZ) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

Direxion Daily Technology Bear 3 X Shares (TECS) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

Direxion Daily FTSE China Bear 3 X Shares (YANG) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

March 28, 2018
IDT Corporation (IDT) performed a spinoff of RFL. For every 2 shares of IDT held, shareholders will receive 1 share of RFL.

March 27, 2018
Snyders-Lance (LNCE) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $50 for each share previously held.

iShares iBonds Mar 2018 Term Corporate ETF (IBDB) was liquidated.   Cogint (COGT) performed a spinoff of RDVTV. For every 7.5 shares of COGT held, shareholders will receive 1 share of RDVTV.

EnerJex Resources (ENRJ) performed a 1 for 25 reverse stock split, and a ticker change to UAVS.

March 26, 2018
BrightSphere Investment Group plc (OMAM) performed a ticker change to BSIG.

TOP Ships, Inc. (TOPS) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

March 23, 2018
TICC Capital (TICC) performed a ticker change to OXSQ.

Crystal Rock Holdings (CRVP) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $0.97 for each share previously held.

Ability (ABIL, ABIWF) performed a 1 for 10 reverse stock split.

Ritter Pharmaceuticals (RTTR) performed a 1 for 10 reverse stock split.

March 22, 2018
INTERCLOUD SYS INC Common Stock (ICLDD) performed a ticker change to ICLD.

March 21, 2018
Energy XXI Gulf Coast (EXXI) performed a ticker change to EGC.

Janus Detroit Street Trust (SPXH) was liquidated.

Janus Velocity Tail Risk Hedged (TRSK) was liquidated.

Fieldpoint Petroleum Corp Warrant Exp 03/23/2018 (FPPPW) was delisted.

Key Technology (KTEC) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $26.75 for each share previously held.

March 20, 2018
Bill Barrett Corp (BBG) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of HPR for each share of BBG previously held.

Andina Acquisition Corp (ANDA) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1 share of LAZY for each share of ANDA previously held.

ProShares Ultra Bloomberg Natura (BOIL) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

March 19, 2018
Aflac (AFL) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

IQ Canada Small Cap ETF (CNDA) was liquidated.

IQ Australia Small Cap ETF (KROO) was liquidated.

IQ Global Oil Small Cap ETF (IOIL) was liquidated.

WisdomTree Japan Hedged Real Estate Fund (DXJR) was liquidated.

WisdomTree Trust WisdomTree United Kingdom Hedged Equity Fund (DXPS) was liquidated.

WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Hedged Real Estate Fund (HDRW) was liquidated.

WisdomTree Japan Hedged Capital Goods Fund (DXJC) was liquidated.

WisdomTree Japan Hedged Health Care Fund (DXJH) was liquidated.

WisdomTree Global ex-U.S. Hedged Dividend Fund (DXUS) was liquidated.

WisdomTree Strong Dollar Emerging Markets Equity Fund (EMSD) was liquidated.

March 16, 2018
New York REIT (NYRT) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

iShares 2018 Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF (IBCC) was liquidated.

Andina Acquisition Corp. II (ANDA, ANDAW, ANDAU, ANDAR) was delisted.

Bioverativ (BIVV) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $105.00 for each share previously held.

March 14, 2018
NQ Mobile (NQ) performed ticker change to LKM.

March 13, 2018
Auris Medical Holding (EARS) performed a 1 for 10 Reverse Split. This means shareholders will now hold 1 share of EARS for every 10 shares previously held. Fractional shares will be rounded up to the nearest share.

March 12, 2018
Cascadian Therapeutics (CASC) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $10.00 for each share previously held.

Liberty Interactive (QVCA) performed a ticker change to QRTEA.

Liberty Interactive Corporation (LVNTA) was delisted.

Deutsche High Incm Opportunities (DHG) was liquidated.

March 9, 2018
Bioverativ (BIVV) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $105.00 for each share previously held.

Calgon Carbon (CCC) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $21.50 for each share previously held.

Calpine (CPN)  performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $15.25 for each share previously held.

InfoSonics (IFON) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

March 7, 2018
GREAT BASIN SCIENTIFIC (GBSN) performed a ticker change to GBSNQ.

Juno Therapeutics (JUNO) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $87.00 for each share previously held.

Scripps Networks (SNI) was acquired by DISCA.

March 6, 2018
FREESEAS (FREED) performed a ticker change to FREEF.

March 5, 2018
China Xiniya Fashion (XNY) performed a ticker change to DXF.

Rand Logistics (RLOGQ) was delisted.

Camber Energy (CEI) performed a 1 for 25 reverse split.

Perkins Oil & Gas (PEKND) performed a ticker change to OOIL.

March 2, 2018
Brown-Forman Class B (BF.B) performed a 5 for 4 forward split.

Brown-Forman Class A (BF.A) performed a spin off of Brown-Forman Class B (BF.B). For every 4 shares of BF.A held, shareholders will receive 1 share of BF.B.

March 1, 2018
Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $23.00 for each share previously held.

Entellus Medical (ENTL) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $24.00 for each share previously held.

February 28, 2018
Priceline (PCLN) performed a ticker change to BKNG.

Straight Path Communications (STRP) was acquired.

Welltower (HCN) performed a ticker change to WELL.

February 26, 2018
Tenax Therapeutics (TENX) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split.

February 23, 2018
Intercloud System (ICLD) performed a 1 for 100 reverse split, and a ticker change to ICLDD.

February 22, 2018
Origo Acquisition Corporation Warrants (OACQW) performed a ticker change to OAQCF, and was delisted.

VelocityShares Daily Inverse VIX Short Term ETN (XIV) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $5.99 per share.

February 20, 2018
Vaxart (VXRT) performed a 1 for 11 reverse split.

February 16, 2018
MabVax Therapeutics (MBVX) performed a 1 for 3 reverse split.

February 15, 2018
Xtant Medical Holdings (XTNT) performed a 1 for 12 reverse split.

Exactech (EXAC) was acquired.

February 14, 2018
Yangtze River Development (YERR) performed a ticker change to YRIV.

Sucampo Pharmaceuticals (SCMP) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $18.00 for each share previously held.

February 13, 2018
Cenveo Inc (CVO)  performed a ticker change to CVOVQ, and was delisted.

CalAtlantic Group (CAA) was acquired by Lennar (LEN).

February 12, 2018
Nashville Area ETF (NASH) was liquidated.

Silver Run Acquisition Corporation (SRUN) performed a ticker change to AMR.

Barracuda Networks, Inc. (CUDA) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $27.55 for each share previously held.

Walter Investment Mgt Corp (WAC) performed a ticker change to DHCP.

February 9, 2018
ETFMG Alternative Harvest ETF (MJX) performed a ticker change to MJ.

Simmons First National Corporation (SFNC) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

Bio-Path Holdings (BPTH) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

Ignyta (RXDX) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $27 per share.

February 8, 2018
InspireMD (NSPR) performed a 1 for 35 reverse split.

Sun Bancorp (SNBC) was acquired by OceanFirst Financial Corp (OCFC).

February 7, 2018
Alon USA Partners (ALDW) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.49 shares of DK for each share of ALDW previously held.

February 6, 2018
Inpixon (INPX) performed a 1 for 30 reverse split.

FREESEAS (FREEF) performed a 1 for 5000 reverse split, and a ticker change to FREED.

BON-TON STORES  (BONT) performed a ticker change to BONTQ.

Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $157.00 for each share previously held.

February 5, 2018
Global Partner Acquisition Corp. (GPAC, GPACW) performed a ticker change to PRPL, PRPLW.

BroadSoft (BSFT) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $55.00 for each share previously held.

YuMe (YUME) was acquired.

February 2, 2018
Skyline Medical (SKLN) performed a ticker change to AIPT.

Bank Mutual Corporation (BKMU) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.422 shares of ASB for each share of BKMU previously held.

Bazaarvoice (BV) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $5.50 for each share previously held.

February 1, 2018
Avinger (AVGR) performed a 1 for 40 reverse split.

Rand Logistics (RLOG) performed a ticker change to RLOGQ.

WPCS International (WPCS) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split, and a ticker change to DCAR.

Patriot National (PNTP) performed a ticker change to PNTPQ.

Harte-Hanks (HHS) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

Monster Digital (MSDI) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split, and a ticker change to INNT.

TerraVia Holdings (TVIAQ) has delisted.

Repros Therapeutics (RPRX) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $0.67 for each share previously held.

Authentidate Holding Corp. (ADAT) performed a ticker change to AGHC.

January 31, 2018
Avinger (AVGR) performed a 1 for 40 reverse split.

Rand Logistics (RLOG) performed a ticker change to RLOGQ.

WPCS International (WPCS) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split, and a ticker change to DCAR.

January 29, 2018
CTI BioPharma (CTIC) has delisted.

Paragon Commercial (PBNC) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.725 shares of TOWN for each share of PBNC previously held.

January 26, 2018
Zosano Pharma (ZSAN) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split.

January 24, 2018
Arcadia Biosciences (RKDA) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split.

January 23, 2018
Biostage (BSTGD) performed a ticker change to BSTG.

January 22, 2018
Heat Biologics (HTBX) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

Oragenics (OGEN) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

OpGen (OPGN) performed a 1 for 25 reverse split.

WINDTREE THERAPEUTICS (WINTD) performed a ticker change to WINT.

Thai Fund (TTF) was liquidated.

January 19, 2018
Argos Therapeutics (ARGS) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split.

January 18, 2018
HEICO (HEI) performed a 5 for 4 forward split.

MagneGas (MNGA) performed a 1 for 15 reverse split.

Neothetics (NEOT) performed a 1 for 6 reverse split, and a ticker change to EVFM.

IXYS Corporation (IXYS) was acquired by Littelfuse (LFUS). Shareholders of IXYS will either receive $23.00 per share OR 0.1265 shares of LFUS for each share of IXYS previously held.

January 16, 2018
Vantiv (VNTV) performed a ticker symbol change to WP.

Bob Evans Farms (BOBE) acquired by Post Holdings (POST). Shareholders will receive $77 per share.

January 12, 2018
Enzymotec (ENZY) was acquired. Shareholders of ENZY will receive $11.90 per share.

January 9, 2018
RXi Pharmaceuticals (RXII) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

DAKOTA PLAINS HLDGS (DAKPQ) was delisted.

January 8, 2018
Peregrine Pharmaceuticals (PPHM) performed a ticker change to CDMO.

FORM Holdings (FH) performed a ticker change to XSPA.

Cleantech Solutions (CLNT) performed a ticker change to SEII.

INC Research Holdings (INCR) performed a ticker change to SYNH.

January 5, 2018
United States Natural Gas (UNG) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu of fractional shares.

Long Island Iced Tea (LTEA) performed a ticker change to LBCC.

Inotek Pharmaceuticals (ITEK) performed a ticker change to RCKT.

January 4, 2018
Staffing 360 Solutions (STAF) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

Eastside Distilling (ESDI) performed a ticker change to EAST.

Eastside Distilling Warrants (ESDIW) performed a ticker change to EASTW.

Silver Spring Networks (SSNI) was acquired by Itron (ITRI). Shareholders of SSNI will receive $16.25 per share.

Cone Midstream (CNXX) performed a ticker change CNXM.

January 3, 2018
Liberty Global Class A (LILA) performed a spinoff of Liberty Latin America Class A (LILAV). For every 1 share of LILA held, shareholders will receive 1 share of LILAV.

Liberty Global Class C (LILAK) performed a spinoff of Liberty Latin America Class C (LILKV). For every 1 share of LILAK held, shareholders will receive 1 share of LILKV.

Unilife (UNISQ) was delisted.

January 2, 2018
Galena Biopharma (GALE) performed a 1 for 30 reverse split, and a ticker change to SLS.

Potash (POT) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive .4 shares of NTR for each share of POT previously held.

Agrium (AGU) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 2.23 shares of NTR for each share of AGU previously held.

HSN (HSNI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.65 shares of QVCA for each share of HSNI previously held.

Xenith Bankshares (XBKS) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive .9354 shares of UBSH for each share of XBKS previously held.

MGC Diagnostics (MGCD) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $11.03 per share.

Sunshine Bancorp (SBCP) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive .89 shares of CSFL for each share of SBCP previously held.

WashingtonFirst Bankshares (WFBI) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive .8713 shares of SASR for each share of WFBI previously held.

Healthsouth (HLS) performed a ticker change to EHC.

December 29, 2017
China Xiniya Fashion (XNY) performed a 1 for 3 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu of fractional shares

CMTSU Liquidation (CBRIQ) performed a ticker change to CBRI.

TerraForm Global (GLBL) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $5.10 per share.

Global Brokerage (GLBR) was delisted.

Sorrento Tech (ROKA) was delisted.

Guggenheim BulletShares 2017 High Yield (BSJH) was delisted.   Guggenheim BulletShares 2017 Corporate Bond (BSCH) was delisted.

CR Bard (BCR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive .5077 shares of BDX and $222.93 for each share of BCR previously held.

December 28, 2017
Graco (GGG) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

Exco Res (XCO) performed a ticker change to XCOO, and was delisted.

Fortress Investment Group (FIG) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $8.08 per share.

December 27, 2017
Gigamon (GIMO) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $38.50 per share.

December 26, 2017
Tierra XP Latin America Real Estate ETF (LARE) performed a ticker change to MJX.

NewStar Financial (NEWS) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $11.44 per share.

Turkish Inv Fund (TKF) was liquidated.

PowerShares Europe Currency Hedged Low Volatility Portfolio (FXEU) was liquidated.

PowerShares Developed EuroPacific Currency Hedged Low Volatility Portfolio (FXEP) was liquidated.

PowerShares Japan Currency Hedged Low Volatility Portfolio (FXJP) was liquidated.

December 22, 2017
Biostage (BSTG) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split, and a ticker change to BSTGD.

Windtree Therapeutics (WINT) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split, and a ticker change to WINTD.

Old PSG Wind-Down (PSGLQ) filed for bankruptcy, and was delisted.

December 21, 2017
Ignite Restaurant (IRGTQ) filed for bankruptcy and was delisted.

Planet Payment (PLPM) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $4.50 per share.

Arc Logistics (ARCX) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $16.50 per share.

December 20, 2017
VelocityShares 3x Long Natural Gas (UGAZ) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

CPI Card (PMTS) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

Omega Protein (OME) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $22 per share.

Rentech (RTKH) filed for bankruptcy and performed a ticker change to RTKHQ.

December 19, 2017
Insperity (NSP) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

Xtrackers MSCI Eurozone High Dividend Yield Hedged Equity ETF (HDEZ) was liquidated.

Xtrackers MSCI Emerging Markets High Dividend Yield Hedged Equity ETF (HDEE) was liquidated.

December 18, 2017
WisdomTree Managed Futures (WDTI) performed a ticker change to WTMF.

Pendrell (PCO) performed a ticker change to PCOA and was delisted.

BEBE (BEBE) was delisted.

Nortel Invesora (NTL) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.3456 shares of TEO for each share of NTL previously held

IShares iBonds (IBDJ) was liquidated.

December 15, 2017
Cobalt Intl Energy (CIE) filed for bankruptcy, and performed a ticker change to CIEIQ.

Tesco (TESO) was acquired by Nabors (NBR). Shareholders of TESO will receive 0.68 shares of NBR for each share of TESO previously held.

Inventure Foods (SNAK) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $4.00 per share.

O'Shares FTSE Europe ETF (OEUH) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $27.10 per share.

O'Shares FTSE Asia ETF (OAPH) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $29.26 per share.

Vanguard Natural Resources (VNRSQ) filed for bankruptcy and delisted. Shareholders of VNRSQ will receive 0.0048920 warrants (VNRWW) for each share of VNRSQ previously held.

Delta Technology Warrants (DELTW) expired.

Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania (RBPAA) was acquired by Bryn Mawr Bank (BMTC). Shareholders of RBPAA will receive 0.1025 share of BMTC for each share of RBPAA previously held.

December 13, 2017
J.G. Wentworth (JGWE) filed for bankruptcy and performed a ticker change to JGWEQ.

December 12, 2017
Ocera Therapeutics (OCRX) was acquired by Mallinckrodt (MNK). Shareholders will receive $1.52 per share, plus 1 Contingent Value Right to receive one or more payments in cash up to $2.58 per share.

December 11, 2017
Patrick Industries (PATK) performed a 3 for 2 forward split.

December 8, 2017
PharMerica (PMC) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $29.25 per share.

Numerex (NMRX) was acquired by Sierra Wireless (SWIR). Shareholders of NMRX will receive 0.18 shares of SWIR for each share of NMRX previously held.

December 7, 2017
Delphi Automotive (DLPH) performed a ticker and name change to Aptiv (APTV). APTV then performed a spinoff of DLPH. For every 3 shares of held, shareholders will receive 1 share of DLPH.

December 6, 2017
Lennar (LEN) performed a spinoff of Lennar Corporation (LEN.B). For every 50 shares of LEN held, shareholders will receive 1 share of LEN.B.

December 5, 2017
Pendrell Corporation (PCO) performed a 1 for 100 reverse split.

December 4, 2017
Cognex Corporation (CGNX) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

Synthesis Energy Systems, Inc. (SYMX) performed a 1 for 8 reverse split, and a ticker change to SES.

FIFTH STR ASSET MGMT INC (FSAM) was liquidated.

December 1, 2017
Delicate Sys Inc Common Stock (DCTHD) performed a ticker change to DCTH.

Cumulus Media Inc Common Stock (CMLS) performed a ticker change to CMLSQ.

iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF (IBB) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

Prima BioMed Ltd American Depositary Shares (PBMD) performed a ticker change to IMMP.

Capital Bank Financial Corp. (CBF) was acquired by First Horizon National (FHN). Shareholders of CBF will either receive $40.573 per share OR 2.1732 shares of FHN for each share of CBF previously held.

November 30, 2017
SPDR S&P Insurance ETF (KIE) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

SPDR Bloomberg Barclays 1-3 Mont (BIL) performed a 1 for 2 reverse split

November 29, 2017
CNX Resources Corporation (CNX) performed a spinoff of Consol Energy Inc. (CEIX). For every 8 shares of CNX held, shareholders will receive 1 share of CEIX.

Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) performed a ticker change to RBBN.

CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) performed a ticker change to CCR.

November 28, 2017
FieldPoint Petroleum Corporation (FPP) and FieldPoint Petroleum Corporation Common Stock Purchase Warrants (FPP+) were delisted.

WPP plc American Depositary Shares (WPPGY) performed a ticker change to WPP.

November 24, 2017
Novogen Limited American Depositary Shares (NVGN) performed a ticker change to KZIA.

Richmont Mines Inc (RIC) performed a stock merger into AGI.

November 22, 2017
Eltek (ELTK) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split

VWR Corporation (VWR) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $33.25 per share.

Gol Linhas Aereas Inteligentes (GOL) performed a 2.5 for 1 forward split.

November 21, 2017
Internap Corporation (INAP) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split.

Fidelity Natl Financial, Inc. (FNFV) performed a stock merger into CNNE

Federated Premier Intermediate M (FPT) performed a stock merger into FMN.

State National Companies, Inc. (SNC) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $21 per share.

Exa Corporation (EXA) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $24.25 per share.

  Gol Linhas Aereas Inteligentes (GOL) performed a 2.5 for 1 forward split. Samson Oil & Gas Limited American Depositary Receipts - Sponsored (SSN) performed a ticker change to SSNYY, and was delisted.

November 20, 2017
The Maitowoc Company, Inc. (MTW) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split.

Spark Networks Inc. (LOV) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

Advisory Board Company (ABCO) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $53.81 per share.

State National Companies, Inc. (SNC) was liquidated. Shareholder will receive $21 per share.

Lumos Networks Corp. (LMOS) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $18 per share.

November 16, 2017
VERSAR INC (VSRI) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $0.15 per share.

CombiMatrix Corporation (CBMX) performed a stock merger.

Starwood Waypoint Homes (SFR) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 1.614 shares of INVH for each share of SFR previously held.

Alcobra Ltd. (ADHD) performed a 1 for 7 reverse split, and ticker change to ARCT

November 15, 2017
Universal Forest Products, Inc. (UFPI) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

GULFMARK OFFSHORE INC (GLFMQ) was delisted, and is pending a stock merger.

Innovator IBD 50 Fund (FFTY) and Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc (Q) are pending name changes.

November 14, 2017
Chanticleer Holdings, Inc. (HOTR) performed a ticker change to BURG.

Pacific Drilling SA (PACDF) performed a ticker change to PACDQ.

Atlantica Yield plc (ABY) performed a ticker change to AY.

November 13, 2017
Rice Energy Inc. (RICE) was acquired by EQT Corporation (EQT). Shareholders will receive 0.37 shares of EQT and $5.30 for each share of RICE previously held.

Renmin Tianli Group, Inc. (ABAC) performed a 1 for 1 stock merger.

November 10, 2017
WisdomTree U.S. MidCap Dividend (DON) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

WisdomTree U.S. SmallCap Dividen (DES) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

Comstock Mining Inc. (LODE) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

Amedica Corporation (AMDA) performed a 1 for 12 reverse split.

November 9, 2017
Yulong Eco-Materials (YECO) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

Whiting Petroleum Corporation (WLL) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split

Two Harbors Investment Corp. (TWO) performed a 1 for 2 reverse split

Bankrate Inc (RATE) was acquired. Shareholder will receive $14 per share.

Alexander & Baldwin, Inc. (ALEX) is pending 1 for 1 stock merger and name change.

November 8, 2017
SPI Energy Co., Ltd. (SPI) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu of fractional shares.

Dimension Therapeutics, Inc. (DMTX) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $6 per share.

November 7, 2017
Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc (GPMT) performed a spin-off from TWO.

November 6, 2017
Delcath Systems, Inc. (DCTH) performed a 1 for 350 reverse split, a ticker change to DCTHD, and was delisted.

Cempra, Inc. (CEMP) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

FIFTH STR ASSET MGMT INC (FSAM) was delisted.

Atlantic Alliance Partner (AAPCF) was delisted.

November 3, 2017
Spark Networks Inc. (LOV) performed a stock merger.

November 2, 2017
Diana Containerships Inc. (DCIX) performed a 1 for 7 reverse split.

Two Harbors Investment Corp. (TWO) is pending a 0.095 for 1 spinoff of GPMT, and a 1 for 2 reverse split.

Pacific Continental Corporation (PCBK) was acquired. Shareholders will receive 0.643 shares of COLB for each share of PCBK previously held.

November 1, 2017
CytRx Corporation (CYTR) performed a 1 for 6 reverse split.

PhotoMedex, Inc. (PHMD) performed a ticker change to FCRE.

Sleep Number Corporation (SCSS) performed a ticker change to SNBR.

First South Bancorp Inc (FSBK) performed a stock merger.

BancorpSouth Bank (BXS) performed a stock merger.

October 31, 2017
Coach (COH) performed a ticker change to TPR.

Western Refining Logistics, LP (WNRL) was acquired by ANDX.

October 30, 2017
Marathon Patent Group, Inc. (MARA) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split.

GIGA TRONICS INC (GIGA) was delisted.

October 26, 2017
TOWERSTREAM CORP (TWERD) performed a ticker change to TWER.

October 25, 2017
Rennova Health, Inc. (RNVA) was delisted.

October 24, 2017
Vince Holding Corp. (VNCE) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

October 23, 2017
ReShape Lifesciences Inc. (ETRM) performed a ticker change to RSLS.

PowerShares WilderHill Clean Ene (PBW) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

October 20, 2017
Landauer Inc (LDR) was acquired.

Southwest Bancorp, Inc. (OKSB) was acquired.

Aytu BioScience, Inc. (AYTU) is relisting from OTC to NASDAQ.

October 19, 2017
Bioptix, Inc. (BIOP) performed a ticker change to RIOT.

NeuroDerm Ltd. (NDRM) was acquired.

October 18, 2017
IShares S&P California AMT-Free Municipal Bond Fund (CMF) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

IShares S&P AMT-Free Municipal Bond Fund (NYF) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) performed a ticker change to OCSL.

Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp. (FSFR) performed a ticker change to OCSI.

October 17, 2017
AOXING PHARMACEUTICAL CO INC (AXN) performed a ticker change to AOXG.

TerraForm Power, Inc. (TERP) is undergoing a reorganization. The terms have not yet been finalized.

October 16, 2017
Blackberry Limited (BBRY) performed a ticker change to BB.

SPDR Portfolio S&P 500 Growth ET (SPYG) performed a 4 for 1 forward split.

SPDR Portfolio S&P 500 Value ETF (SPYV) performed a 4 for 1 forward split.

Astrotech Corporation (ASTC) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split.

SPDR Long Trm Treasury ETF (TLO) performed a 2 for 1 forward split, and a ticker change to SPTL.

SPDR Russell 2000r ETF (TWOK) performed a 3 for 1 forward split, and a ticker change to SPSM.

SPDR Long Trm Corporate Bond ETF (LWC) performed a 3 for 2 forward split, and a ticker change to SPLB.

SPDR Aggregate Bond ETF (BNDS) performed a 2 for 1 forward split, and a ticker change to SPAB.

SPDR Russell 3000 ETF (THRK) performed a 6 for 1 forward split, and a ticker change to SPTM.

SPDR S&P Emerging Markets ETF (GMM) performed a 2 for 1 forward split, and a ticker change to SPEM.

SPDR S&P 1000 ETF (SMD) performed a 3 for 1 forward split, and a ticker change to SPMD.

SPDR Intrmdiate Trm Corp Bnd ETF (ITR) performed a ticker change to SPIB.

SPDR Shrt Trm Corporate Bond ETF (SCPB) performed a ticker change to SPSB.

SPDR S&P World ex-US ETF (GWL) performed a ticker change to SPDW.

SciClone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SCLN) performed a cash merger.

AdvisorShares Gartman Gold/Yen ETF (GYEN) was liquidated.

AdvisorShares Gartman Gold/Euro ETF (GEUR) was liquidated.

Horizons ETF Trust I BullMark LatAm Select Leaders ETF (BMLA) was liquidated.

October 13, 2017
CHF Solutions, Inc. (CHFS) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split.

Level 3 Communications Inc (LVLT) performed a cash and stock merger.

USCF Restaurant Leaders Fund (MENU) was liquidated.

USCF ETF Trust - Stock Split Index Fund (TOFR) was liquidated.

Handy & Harman Ltd. (HNH) was delisted.

October 11, 2017
InfoSonics Corp (IFON) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. Fractional shares will be rounded up.

MaxPoint Interactive, Inc (MXPT) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $13.68 per share.

West Corporation (WSTC) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $23.50 per share.

October 10, 2017
Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (TNDM) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. Fractional shares will be rounded up.

Global X Guru International Index ETF (GURI) was delisted.

I-AM Capital Acquisition Company Unit (IAMXU) was delisted.

METHES ENERGIES INTL LTD Warrant 10/12/2017 (MEILW) was delisted.

METHES ENERGIES INTL LTD Warrant 10/12/201 (MEILZ) was delisted.

October 9, 2017
Autobytel Inc. (ABTL) performed a ticker change to AUTO.

AMEC Foster Wheeler plc (AMFW) performed a stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.75 new Wood Group shares for each share of AMFW previously held.

Caesars Acquisition Company (CACQ) performed a stock merger.

Global X Junior MLP ETF (MLPJ) was liquidated.

Global X Brazil Consumer ETF (BRAQ) was liquidated.

Global X FTSE Andean 40 ETF (AND) was liquidated.

Global X Brazil Mid Cap ETF (BRAZ) was liquidated.

Global X Funds Global X Guru Activist ETF (ACTX) was liquidated

Global X Permanent ETF (PERM) was liquidated

October 6, 2017
Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

Marin Software Incorporated (MRIN) performed a 1 for 7 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu of fractional shares.

Alliqua BioMedical, Inc. (ALQA) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. Fractional shares will be rounded up.

Rennova Health, Inc. (RNVA) performed a 1 for 15 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu of fractional shares.

Soleno Therapeutics, Inc. (SLNO) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu of fractional shares.

Soleno Therapeutics, Inc. Series A Warrant (SLNOW) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

TOP Ships, Inc. (TOPS) performed a 1 for 2 reverse split. Fractional shares will be rounded down.

Atwood Oceanics (ATW) was acquired by ESV. Shareholders will receive 1.60 shares of ESV for each share of ATW previously held.

October 5, 2017
Net Element, Inc. (NETE) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. Fractional shares will be rounded up.

DigitalGlobe Inc. (DGI) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $17.50 and 31.3132 shares of MDA for each share of DGI previously held.

October 3, 2017
Alere Inc (ALR) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $51.00 per share.

Axar Acquisition Corp. (AXAR) was delisted.

October 2, 2017
TOWERSTREAM CORP (TWERD, formerly TWER) performed a 1 for 75 reverse split.

Angie's List, Inc. (ANGI) was acquired.

Market Vectors Solar Energy ETF (KWT) was liquidated.

First Potomac Realty Trust (FPO) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $11.15 per share.

Neff Corporation (NEFF) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $25.00 per share.

Astoria Financial Corporation (AF) was acquired by STL. Shareholders will receive 0.875 shares of STL per for each share of AF previously held.

Black Knight Financial Services (BKFS) merged with BKI. Shareholders will receive 1 share of BKI for each share of BKFS previously held.

PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $88.10 per share.

Zhaopin Limited (ZPIN) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $18.20 per share.

Adcare Health Systems, Inc. (ADK) performed a stock merger into RHE.

September 26, 2017
Tremor Video, Inc. (TRMR) performed a ticker change to TRLA. _ Cabela's Inc (CAB) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $61.50 per share.

ShoreTel, Inc. (SHOR) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $7.50 per share.

Direxion Daily Cyber Security Bull 2X Shares (HAKK) was delisted.

Direxion Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X Shares (CLAW) was delisted.

DX DLY GDM BEAR 1X (MELT) was delisted.

Direxion Daily Healthcare Bear 3X Shares (SICK) was delisted.

September 21, 2017
Opexa Therapeutics, Inc. (OPXA) performed a ticker change to ACER.

Delta Natural Gas Company, Inc. (DGAS) was acquired.

September 20, 2017
Monogram Residential Trust, Inc. (MORE) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $12.00 per share.

September 19, 2017
SPI Energy Co. (SPI) performed a 10 for 1 forward split.

ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (MYCC) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $17.12 per share.

September 15, 2017
Delcath Systems, Inc. (DCTH) was delisted.

Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

North Atlantic Drilling Ltd. (NADL) performed a ticker change to NADLQ, and was delisted.

Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $7.10 per share.

West Marine, Inc. (WMAR) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $12.79 per share.

VTTI Energy Partners LP (VTTI) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $19.50 per share.

September 14, 2017
DuPont Fabros Technology Inc. (DFT) performed stock merger. Shareholders will receive 0.544 shares of DLR for every share of DFT previously held.

September 13, 2017
CDI Corp. (CDI) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $8.25 per share.

Staples, Inc. (SPLS) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $10.25 per share.

September 12, 2017
Nordic American Offshore Ltd. (NAO) performed a spin-off from Nordic American Tankers Limited (NAT).

Uni-Pixel, Inc. (UNXL) was delisted, and performed a ticker change to UNXLQ.

Monitise PLC (MONIF) was delisted.

September 11, 2017
SPDR Morgan Stanley Technology ETF (MTK) performed a ticker change to XNTK.

Diversified Real Asset Income Fd (DRA) performed a merger into JRI.

Deutsche Global High Incm Fund (LBF) was delisted

September 8, 2017
Auxilio, Inc. (AUXO) performed a ticker change to CTEK.

September 7, 2017
Rocket Fuel Inc. (FUEL) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $2.60 per share.

ETF Managers Trust PureFunds ETFx HealthTech ETF (IMED) was liquidated. Shareholders will receive $28.4325 per share.

ProShares Hedged FTSE Japan ETF (HGJP), ProShares Ultra Junior Miners (GDJJ), and ProShares UltraShort Oil & Gas Exploration & Production (SOP) delisted.

September 6, 2017
Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MACK) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

Mobileye (MBBYF) performed a cash merger.  This means that shares were removed and shareholders will receive $63.54 per share in cash. In order to receive payment, shareholders will need to submit paperwork.

Patheon (PTHN) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $35.00 per share.

September 5, 2017
Institutional Financial Markets, Inc. (IFMI) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split, and a ticker change to COHN.

Nord Anglia Education, Inc. (NORD) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $32.50 per share.

September 1, 2017
Dow Chemical (DOW) performed a ticker change to DWDP.

Du Pont De Nemours E I (DD) performed a 1.282 for 1 stock merger into DWDP. Shareholders of DD will receive 1.282 shares of DWDP for every 1 share of DD previously held, and will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

Novadaq Technologies Inc (NVDQ) underwent a merger.

Felcor Lodging Trust (FCH) was acquired by RLJ. Shareholders of FCH will receive 0.3620 shares of RLJ for each share of FCH previously held.

Albany Molecular Research, Inc. (AMRI) was acquired. Shareholders of AMRI will receive $21.75 per share.

August 31, 2017
Essex Rent Corp. (ESSX) was liquidated.

August 30, 2017
ARI Network Services, Inc. (ARIS) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $7.10 per share.

August 29, 2017
LiNiu Technology Group (LINU) performed a 1 for 6 reverse split. Fractional shares will be rounded up.

Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) was liquidated. Shareholders of WFM will receive $42.00 for each share previously held.

Amplify YieldShares Prime 5 Dividend ETF (PFV) performed a ticker change to YESR.

August 28, 2017
Mirna Therapeutics, Inc. (MIRN) performed a 1 for 7 reverse split, and a ticker change to SYBX.

ETFIS Series Trust I Tuttle Tactical Management U.S. Core ETF (TUTT) was liquidated.

ETFIS Series Trust I Tuttle Tactical Management Multi-Strategy Income ETF (TUTI) was liquidated.

August 25, 2017
Paragon Shipping Inc (PRGND) performed a ticker change to PRGNF.

PowerShares DB Commodity Long ETN (DPU) was delisted and is no longer trading.

August 24, 2017
Nutraceutical International Corporation (NUTR) performed a cash merger. Shareholders will receive $41.80 for each share previously held.

Diana Containerships Inc. (DCIX) performed a 1 for 7 reverse split.

August 23, 2017
IPath S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Fut (VXX) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

Crossroads Systems, Inc. (CRDS) was delisted and is no longer trading.

August 22, 2017
Alliance HealthCare Services, Inc. (AIQ) was liquidated. Shareholders of AIQ will receive $13.25 for each share previously held.

August 21, 2017
Uranium Resources Inc (URRE) performed a ticker/name change to Westwater Resources Inc (WWR).

August 18, 2017
First Trust Dorsey Wright People's Portfolio ETF (VIXH) performed a ticker change to DWPP.

August 17, 2017
REX VolMAXX Long VIX Weekly Futures Strategy ETF (VMAX) performed a 1 for 8 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

Care Capital Properties, Inc. (CCP) was acquired by Sabra Healthcare REIT, Inc. (SBRA). Shareholders will receive 1.123 shares of SBRA for each share of CCP previously held.

WisdomTree Trust WisdomTree Western Asset Unconstrained Bond Fund (UBND) was liquidated.

August 16, 2017
Tal Education Group (TAL) performed a 6 for 1 forward split.

AEROPOSTALE (AROPQ) performed a name change to ARO Liquidation, Inc.

NCI, Inc. (NCIT) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $20 per share.

August 15, 2017
RMG Networks Holding Corporation (RMGN) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split.

Primero Mining Corp (PPP) was delisted, and performed a ticker change to PPPMF.

MRV Communications, Inc. (MRVC) was acquired. Shareholders of MRVC will receive $10.00 for each share previously held.

August 14, 2017
Black Diamond Inc (BDE) performed a ticker/name change to Clarus Corp (CLAR).

August 10, 2017
Spectranetics Corporation (SPNC) was acquired. Shareholders of SPNC will receive $38.50 per share.

August 8, 2017
MetLife, Inc. (MET) performed a spinoff of Brighthouse Financial, Inc. (BHF). For every 11 MET shares held, shareholders will receive 1 share of BHF.

InterCloud Systems Inc (ICLDD) performed a ticker change to ICLD.

Neustar Inc (NSR) was acquired. Shareholders of NSR will receive $33.50 for each share previously held.

EnerNOC, Inc. (ENOC) was acquired. Shareholders of ENOC will receive $7.67 for each share previously held.

August 7, 2017
Female Health Company (FHCO) performed a ticker change to VERU.

Kalobios Pharmaceuticals Inc. (KBIO) performed a ticker change to HGEN.

August 4, 2017
Gas Natural Inc. (EGAS) was acquired.

UCP, Inc. (UCP) was acquired. Shareholders of UCP will receive 0.2309 shares of CCS and $5.32 for each share previously held.

August 3, 2017
TOP SHIPS Inc (TOPS) performed a 1 for 30 reverse split. Fractional shares will be rounded down.

OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals Inc (OGXI) performed a 1 for 11 reverse split, and a ticker change to ACHV.

Silver Standard Resources Inc. (SSRI) performed a ticker change to DDRM.

Exeter Resource Corp (XRA) was acquired.

Blackrock Defined Opportunity Credit Tr (BHL) was liquidated.

August 2, 2017
GlassBridge Enterprises, Inc. (GLA) was delisted, and performed a ticker change to GLAE.

Tidewater Inc. (TDW) performed a 0.031833 for 1 stock merger. Shareholders of TDW will receive 0.031833 shares for each share previously held.

SUPERVALU Inc. (SVU) performed a 1 for 7 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (THLD) performed a ticker change to MTEM.

August 1, 2017
Tidewater Inc. (TDW) performed a 1 for 31 reverse split.

Tesoro Corporation (TSO) performed a ticker change to ANDV.

Tesoro Logistics (TLLP) performed a ticker change to ANDX.

Amaya, Inc. (AYA) performed a ticker change to TSG.

Intrawest Resorts Holdings Inc (SNOW) was acquired. Shareholders of SNOW will receive $23.75 for each share previously held.

PureFunds ISE Big Data ETF (BIGD) was liquidated.

Nexvet Biopharma plc (NVET) was acquired. Shareholders of NVET will receive $6.72 for each share previously held.

ETF Managers Trust Purefunds Solactive FinTech ETF (FINQ) was liquidated.

July 31, 2017
Paragon Shipping Inc. (PRGNF) performed a 1 for 100 reverse split, and a ticker change to PRGND.

Xactly Corporation (XTLY) was acquired. Shareholders of XTLY will receive $15.65 for each share previously held.

Rightside Group Ltd (NAME) was acquired. Shareholders of NAME will receive $10.60 for each share previously held.

July 28, 2017
Allied World Assurance Company Holdings (AWH) was acquired by Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd (FFH). Shareholders of AWH will receive 0.73 shares of FFH and $23.00 for each share of AWH previously held.

July 27, 2017
Diana Containerships Inc (DCIX) performed a 1 for 6 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

Covisint Corp. (COVS) was acquired by OpenText (OTEX). Shareholders of COVS will receive $2.45 for each share of COVS previously held.

TigerLogic Corporation (TIGR) was liquidated.

July 26, 2017
Alpine Immune Sciences, Inc. (ALPN) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

July 25, 2017
Nivalis Therapeutics Inc (NVLS) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split, and a ticker change to ALPN.

Harmony Merger Corp. (HRMN) performed a ticker change to NEXT.

Harmony Merger Corp. Warrant (HRMNW) performed a ticker change to NEXTW.

Reynolds American Inc (RAI) was liquidated

Innocoll Holdings PLC (INNL) was liquidated.

RBL Bank Ltd (RBL) was liquidated.

SPDR S&P International Health Care Sector ETF (IRY) was liquidated.

SPDR S&P International Techno Sector ETF (IPK) was liquidated.

SPDR S&P Emerging Europe ETF (GUR) was liquidated.

SPDR S&P International Energy Sector ETF (IPW) was liquidated.

SPDR S&P International Utilities Sector ETF (IPU) was liquidated.

SPDR S&P Emerging Middle East & Africa ETF (GAF) was liquidated.

SPDR S&P International Dividend Currency Hedged ETF (HDWX) was liquidated.

SPDR S&P International Financial Sector ETF (IPF) was liquidated.

SPDR S&P International Consumer Staples Sector ETF (IPS) was liquidated.

SPDR S&P International Consumer Discretionary Sector ETF (IPD) was liquidated.

SPDR S&P Emerging Latin America ETF (GML) was liquidated.

SPDR S&P International Materials Sector ETF (IRV) was liquidated.

SPDR EURO STOXX 50 Currency Hedged ETF (HFEZH) was liquidated.

SPDR S&P International Telecommunications Sector ETF (IST) was liquidated.

SPDR S&P International Industrial Sector ETF (IPN) was liquidated.

July 21, 2017
DryShips Inc. (DRYS) has performed a 1 for 7 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid cash in lieu.

Dare Bioscience Inc (DARE), formerly CERU, has performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid cash in lieu.

Vornando Realty Trust (VNO) performed a spinoff of JBG Smith REIT (JBGS) shares. For every VNO held, shareholders will receive 2 shares of JBGS.

July 20, 2017
Cerulean Pharma Inc (CERU) has performed a 1 for 10 reverse split and changed ticker to DARE.

Norsat International Inc (NSAT) has delisted and is pending acquisition. Shareholders will receive $11.50 per share.

KCG Holdings, Inc (KCG) was acquired by Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT). Shareholders will receive $20 per share.

Sajan, Inc. (SAJA) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $5.83 per share.

CardConnect Corp. Warrants (CCNWW) has delisted.

July 19, 2017
Panera Bread (PNRA) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $315 per share.

July 18, 2017
Merus Labs International Inc (MSLI) was acquired.

Syneron Medical Ltd. (ELOS) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $11 per share.

Korea Equity Fund, Inc. (KEF) was liquidated.

July 17, 2017
Wecast Network Inc (WCST) performed a ticker change to (SSC).

PowerShares Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II (UVXY) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

VIX SHORT-TERM FUTURES ETF (VIXY) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

ProShares UltraShort S&P500 (SDS) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

SHORT VIX SHORT-TERM FUTURES ETF (SVXY) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

ULTRAPRO DOW30 (UDOW) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

ULTRA QQQ (QLD) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

ProShares Ultra Technology (ROM) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

ProShares UltraPro Russell2000 ETF (URTY) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

ProShares Ultra Real Estate (URE) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

ProShares Ultra Russell2000 (UWM) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

July 14, 2017
Novogen Limited (NVGN) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

July 13, 2017
Exela Technologies Inc (QPAC) performed a ticker change to XELA.

iShares MSCI USA ESG Select ETF (KLD) performed a ticker change to SUSA.

Culp, Inc (CFI) has performed a ticker change to CULP.

July 12, 2017
Sphere 3D (ANY) has performed a 1 for 25 reverse split. Fractional shares will be dropped.

Kate Spade & Co (KATE) was acquired by Coach Inc (COH). Shareholders will receive $18.50 per share.

InterCloud Systems Inc (ICLD) has performed a ticker change to ICLDD.

July 11, 2017
Weibo Corp (WB) performed a 1 for 10 spin-off from SINA Corp (SINA).

Sears Canada Inc (SRSCQ) has performed a ticker change from SRSC.

Pacholder High Yield Fund, Inc. (PHF) was liquidated.

Jollibee Foods Corporation (JFC) was liquidated.

July 10, 2017
Marten Transport, Ltd. (MRTN) has performed a 5 for 3 forward split.

Peregrine Pharmaceuticals (PPHM) has performed a 1 for 7 reverse split.

Frontier Communications (FTR) has performed a 1 for 15 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash in lieu for fractional shares.

World Point Terminals LP (WPT) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $17.30 per share.

July 7, 2017
CardConnect Corp (CCN) was acquired by First Data Corp (FDC). Shareholders will receive $15 per share.

July 6, 2017
Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) has performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

July 5, 2017
ONEOK, Inc. (OKE) acquired Oneok Partners LP (OKS). Shareholders of OKS will receive 0.985 shares of OKE per OKS previously held.

Diana Containerships Inc (DCIX) performed a 1 for 7 reverse split.

Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) has delisted.

FairPoint Communications (FRP) was acquired by Consolidated Communications Holdings Inc (CNSL).

June 30, 2017
Transgenomic Inc (TBIOD) has performed a ticker/name change to Precipio Inc (PRPO).

Brookfield Canada Office Pro (BOXC) was acquired. R

June 29, 2017
Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. (IOVA) has performed a ticker change from LBIO.

June 28, 2017
Lion Biotechnologies Inc (LBIO) has performed a ticker change to IOVA.

LMI Aerospace, Inc (LMIA) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $14 per share.

CST Brands Inc (CST) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $48.53 per share.

June 27, 2017
Dhandho Junoon ETF (JUNE) has liquidated.

  Eastern Virginia Bankshares Inc (EVBS) was acquired by Southern National Bancorp of Virginia (SONA). Shareholders will receive 0.6313 shares of SONA per EVBS previously held.

June 26, 2017
Dataram Corp (DRAM) has performed a ticker change to USAU.

Alps US Equity High Volatility Put Write Index Fund (HVPW) has liquidated.

June 23, 2017
Top Ships Inc. (TOPS) has performed a 1 for 15 reverse split.

PrivateBancorp Inc (PVTB) was acquired by Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. Robinhoods Corporate Actions Team will allocate the appropriate cash or shares once we receive the terms.

Mocon, Inc (MOCO) was acquired by Ametek, Inc. (AME). Shareholders of MOCO will receive $30 per share.

June 22, 2017
DryShips Inc. (DRYS) has performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. Shareholders will receive cash-in-lieu.

Wipro Limited (WIT) has performed a 2 for 1 split.

Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc (EGT) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $2.35 per share.

June 21, 2017
Amplify Energy (APFY) has performed a ticker change to AMPY.

June 20, 2017
Span-America Medical Systems Inc (SPAN) was acquired by Savaria Corporation (SIS). Shareholders of SPAN will receive $29 per share.

June 19, 2017
Yahoo! Inc (YHOO) has performed a ticker and name change to Altaba (AABA).

Spark Energy Inc (SPKE) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

Waste Connections Inc (WCN) performed a 3 for 2 forward split.

Cobalt International Energy, Inc. (CIE) performed a 1 for 15 reverse split. Fractional shares will be rounded up.

Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARNA) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid cash-in-lieu.

Chanticleer Holdings Warrants (HOTRW) have expired.

GenVec Inc (GNVC) was acquired by Intrexon Corp (XON). Shareholders will receive 0.2970 XON per GNVC previously held.

June 16, 2017
BNC Bancorp (BNCN) was acquired by Pinnacle Financial Partners (PNFP). Shareholders of BNCN will receive 0.5235 shares of PNFP for every share previously held.

TRC Companies, Inc. (TRR) has delisted.

June 15, 2017
TrovaGene Inc Units (TROVU) performed a unit separation. Holders of these units will receive 2 shares of TrovaGene Inc (TROV) common stock.

Xerox Corp (XRX) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid cash-in-lieu.

CEL-SCI Corporation (CVM) performed a 1 for 25 reverse split. Fractional shares will be round up.

Transgenomic Inc (TBIOD) performed a 1 for 30 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid cash-in-lieu.

Mead Johnson Nutrition CO (MJN) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $90 per share.

June 13, 2017
Transgenomic Inc (TBIO) performed a ticker change to TBIOD as well as a 1 for 30 reverse split.

Jive Software Inc (JIVE) has been acquired, and our corporate actions team will allocate the appropriate proceeds soon.

Shares from the Sibanye Gold Ltd (SBGL) rights offering have been credited to shareholders who exercised their rights.

Exco Resources Inc (XCO) has performed a 1 for 15 reverse split. Fractional shares will be round up.

Crossroads Capital Inc (XRDC) has delisted, and is no longer trading on any exchange.

June 12, 2017
Tesoro Corporation (TSO) acquired Western Refining, Inc. (WNR). Our corporate actions team is verifying the terms of this acquisition.

Skypeople Fruit Juice Inc (SPU) changed name and ticker to Future FinTech Group Inc (FTFT).

Nuveen Flexible Investment Income Fund (JPW) was acquired by Nuveen Preferred Income Opportunities Fund (JPC).

June 9, 2017
DST Systems, Inc. (DST) performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

EverBank Financial Corp (EVER) was acquired, and shareholders will receive $19.50 per share.

June 8, 2017
Westell Technologies Inc. (WSTL) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid as cash-in-lieu.

Ignite Restaurant Group Inc (IRGT) performed a ticker change to IRGTQ.

AdvancePierre Foods Holdings Inc (APFH) was acquired by Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN). Shareholders will receive $40.25 per share.

June 7, 2017
Inventergy Global Inc (INVT) has delisted to OTC.

Multi Packaging Solutions International Ltd (MPSX) was acquired by WestRock Co (WRK). Shareholders will receive $18 per share.

June 6, 2017
Amyris Inc (AMRS) has performed a 1 for 15 reverse split; fractional shares will be round up.

June 5, 2017
Wi-LAN Inc. (WILN) changed ticker and name to Quarterhill Inc. (QTRH).

Sanchez Production Partners LP (SPP) changed ticker and name to Sanchez Midstream Partners LP (SNMP).

June 2, 2017
Western Refining, Inc. (WNR) was acquired by Tesoro Corporation (TSO). Shareholders of WNR will receive a payout to be determined by the corporation.

FBR & Co. (FBRC) was acquired by B. Riley Financial Inc (RILY). Shareholders of FBRC will receive 0.6710 shares of RILY for every share of FBRC previously held.

Gresham House plc (GHE) has liquidated and will pay shareholders a rate to be determined by the corporation.

Tegna Inc. (TGNA) executed a 1 per 3 spinoff of Cars.com Inc. (CARS). Shareholders of TGNA will receive one share of CARS for every three shares they own on June 1st, 2017. Fractional shares will receive cash-in-lieu payments, which will settle in 2-4 weeks.

June 1, 2017
Sibanye Gold Limited Rights (SBGL^) are no longer trading in the market. If you'd like to exercise rights that you own, please carefully read the following: These rights allow the holder to purchase 1 share of SBGL per 1 right at $3.48 per share. Unexercised rights will expire worthless at the cutoff date.

Cascade Bancorp (CACB) was acquired by First Interstate Bancsystem Inc (FIBK). Shareholders will receive $1.91 and 0.1486 shares of FIBK per share of CACB previously held.

Veeco Instruments Inc (VECO) acquired Ultratech, Inc. (UTEK).

The Valspar Corp (VAL) was acquired by Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW). Shareholders of VAL will receive $113 per share.

Stonegate Mortgage Corp (SGM) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $8 per share.

Cars.com Inc (CARS#) delisted and changed ticker to CARS.

May 30, 2017
Silgan Holdings Inc. (SLGN) executed a 2 for 1 forward stock split.

Yield10 Bioscience Inc (YTEN) executed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

Celsion Corporation (CLSN) executed a 1 for 14 reverse split.

Janus Capital Group, Inc. (JNS) was acquired by hhgregg, Inc. (HGG). Shareholders of JNS will receive 4.719 shares of HGG for every share previously held.

Ultratech, Inc. (UTEK) was acquired by Veeco Instruments Inc. (VECO). Shareholders will receive $21.75 per share and 0.2675 shares of VECO per every UTEK previously held.

May 26, 2017
Banro Corporation (BAA) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. Fractional shares will be dropped.

The Credit Suisse X-Links Long/Short Eq ETN (CSLS) has delisted.

NephroGenex Inc (NRXGQ) has filed bankruptcy and has delisted.

May 24, 2017
Sunshine Heart Rg (SSH) changed ticker and name to CHF Solutions (CHFS).

RetailMeNot Inc. (SALE) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $11.6 per share.

DeVry Education Group (DV) changed ticker and name to Adtalem Global Education (ATGE).

May 23, 2017
China Digital TV Holding Company (STVVY) has changed ticker to STVVY from STV; it has delisted to OTC markets.

May 22, 2017
MagneGas Corporation (MNGA) has performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid cash-in-lieu.

National Grid plc (NGG) performed an 11 for 12 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid cash-in-lieu.

Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI+) warrants have expired worthless.

May 18, 2017
Chanticleer Holdings (HOTR) has performed aa 1 for 10 reverse split.

May 17, 2017
Ball Corporation (BLL) has performed a 2 for 1 forward split. This means that customers would receive 2 share for every 1 shares they held in their account on the effective split date (05/17/2017).

Timmins Gold Corp (TGD) has performed a 1 for 10 reverse split, changed name to Alio Gold Inc, and changed ticker to ALO. This means that customers would receive 1 share of ALO for every 10 shares TGD they previously held on the effective split date (05/16/2017). Fractional shares resulting from the split will be dropped.

Silver Wheaton Corp. (SLW) changed name to Wheaton Precious Metals Corp and changed ticker to WPM.

Memorial Production Partners LP (MEMP) has declared bankruptcy.

May 15, 2017
Rex Energy Corporation (REXX) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

Entree Resources Ltd (EGI) performed a stock merger and a spinoff. Shareholders of EGI will receive the same number of shares of the new issue of EGI; shareholders will also receive 9 shares of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corp (MNR) for every 20 shares of EGI held.

Exar Corporation (EXAR) was acquired by MaxLinear, Inc (MXL). Shareholders of EXAR will receive $13 per share.

Merchants Bancshares, Inc. (MBVT) was acquired by Community Bank System, Inc. (CBU). Shareholders of MBVT will receive $40 per share and 0.9630 CBU per MBVT previously held.

LATAM Airlines Group SA (LFL) changed ticker to LTM.

First NBC Bank Holding Company (FNBC) has changed ticker to FNBCQ.

May 12, 2017
Tokai Pharmaceuticals (TKAI) performed a 1 for 9 reverse split, changed name to Novus Therapeutics, and changed ticker to NVUS.

May 11, 2017
Neurometrix, Inc. (NURO) has performed a 1 for 8 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

May 10, 2017
DryShips, Inc. (DRYS) has performed a 1 for 7 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

TOP SHIPS, Inc. (TOPS) has performed a 1 for 20 reverse split.

First NBC Bank Holding Company (FNBC) has delisted from Nasdaq and has begun trading OTC effective May 10th, 2017.

May 5, 2017
Rexahn Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RNN) has performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Rubicon Technology, Inc. (RBCN) has performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid as cash in lieu.

Great Basin Scientific Inc. (GBSND) changed ticker to GBSN.

Harvest Natural Resources Inc. (HNR) has delisted.

Stillwater Mining Co (SWC) was acquired by SGL Carbon SE (SGL). Shareholders will receive $18/share.

Memorial Production Partners (MEMP) changed ticker to MEMPQ.

Windtree Therapeutics Inc (WINT) has delisted to the OTC markets.

Modsys International Ltd (MDSY) was delisted to the OTC markets. It has also changed ticker to MDSYF.

May 3, 2017
Gol Linhas Aereas Inteligentes SA (GOL) performed a 2 for 1 reverse split.

Nuverra Environmental Solutions Inc (NESC) performed a ticker change to NESCQ.

MOL Global Inc (MOLGY) has delisted from OTC.

May 1, 2017
Please be advised of the following stock splits effective today:   The Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull and Bear 3X Shares ETF (JNUG) has performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. The Direxion Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X Shares ETF (SPDN) has performed a 1 for 2 reverse split.  The Direxion Daily Gold Miners Index Bull and Bear 3X Shares ETF (NUGT) has performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. The Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull and Bear 3X Shares ETF (JDST) has performed a 1 for 4 reverse split. The Direxion Daily Semiconductor Bull and Bear 3X Shares ETF (SOXS) has performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.  The Direxion Daily Regional Banks Bull and Bear 3X Shares ETF (WDRW) has performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.  The Direxion Daily Russia Bull and Bear 3X Shares ETF (RUSS) has performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. The Direxion Daily S&P 500 Bull and Bear 3X Shares ETF (SPXS) has performed a 1 for 5 reverse split. The Direxion Daily S&P 500 Bull and Bear 3X Shares ETF (SPXL) has performed a 4 for 1 forward split.  The Direxion Daily Latin America Bull 3X Shares ETF (LBJ) has performed a 4 for 1 forward split. The Direxion Daily Small Cap Bull and Bear 3X Shares ETF (TNA) has performed a 2 for 1 forward split. The Direxion Daily Russia Bull and Bear 3X Shares ETF (RUSL) has performed a 2 for 1 forward split. The Direxion Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull and Bear 3X Shares ETF (GUSH) has performed a 2 for 1 forward split. The Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment Shares ETF (KNOW) has performed a 2 for 1 forward split. The Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index Shares ETF (QQQE) has performed a 2 for 1 forward split.

Bonanza Creek Energy Inc (BCEI) performed a reverse split. Shareholders will receive 1 share for every 111.5879 previously owned.

April 28, 2017
Mast Therapeutics, Inc. (MSTX) merged with Savara, Inc (SVRA) and performed a 1:70 reverse split. The new ticker is SVRA.

April 27, 2017
Midcoast Energy Partners LP (MEP) was acquired by Enbridge Inc (ENB) for $8 per share.

April 25, 2017
GEO Group REIT (GEO) performed a 3 for 2 forward split.

AmpliPhi Bio (APHB) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

Violin Memory Inc (VMEMQ) delisted from the OTC.

Clayton Williams Energy Inc (CWEI) was acquired by Noble Energy, Inc (NBL). Shareholders will receive $34.75 per share and 2.7874 NBL per CWEI previously held.

April 24, 2017
German American Bancorp, Inc. (GABC) performed a 3 for 2 forward split.

Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $43 per share.

Cardinal Financial Corporation (CFNL) was acquired by United Bankshares, Inc. (UBSI). Shareholders will receive 0.71 shares of UBSI for every CFNL previously held.

April 21, 2017
Dipexium Pharmaceuticals (DPRX) has performed a 1 for 8 reverse split and merged with PLx Pharma Inc. (PLXP).

Adepts Health Inc (ADPTQ) has performed a ticker change from ADPT. It has delisted to the OTC.

Unilife Corp (UNISQ) has performed a ticker change from UNIS. It has delisted to the OTC.

Chemtura Corporation (CHMT) was acquired by Lanxess (LXS). CHMT shareholders will receive $33.50 per share previously held.

April 19, 2017
Heico Corp (HEI) performed a 5 for 4 forward split.

Heico Corp (HEI.A) performed a 5 for 4 forward split.

Quantum Corp (QTM) performed a 1 for 8 reverse split. Fractional shares will be credited cash in lieu.

Ixia (XXIA) was acquired by Keysight Technologies Inc (KEYS). Ixia shareholders will receive $19.65 per share previously held.

Power Solutions International Inc (PSIX) delisted to OTC.

April 18, 2017
Coeur Mining, Inc Warrants (CDEUW) have expired worthless.

April 17, 2017
B/E Aerospace Inc (BEAV) was acquired by Rockwell Collins Inc (COL). Shareholders will receive $34 per share & 0.3101 COL per BEAV previously held.

KongZhong Corporation (KZ) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $7.55 per share.

Forbes Energy Services Ltd (FESLQ) was delisted from the OTC.

Nimble Storage Inc. (NMBL) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $12.50 per share.

April 13, 2017
Ultra Petroleum Corp (UPLMQ) has filed for bankruptcy, its shares have been delisted and will re-list new common stock (UPL). Shareholders will receive 0.521562 new common shares (UPL) per existing common share (UPLMQ).

Immune Pharmaceuticals Inc (IMNP) performed a 1 for 20 reverse split.

April 12, 2017
WhiteWave Foods (WWAV) was acquired by Danone SA (BN).

April 11, 2017
Copart, Inc (CPRT) executed a 2 for 1 forward split.

DryShips, Inc (DRYS) executed a 1 for 4 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid cash-in-lieu.

Hongli Clean Energy Technologies Corporation (CETC) has been halted for regulatory reasons.

April 10, 2017
Great Basin Scientific Inc. (GBSN) performed a ticker change to GBSND, and performed a 1 for 2000 reverse split.

Emerald Oil Inc (EOXLQ) has delisted.

CIBER, Inc. (CBR) has delisted.

Digiliti Money Inc. (CAFN) performed a ticker change to DGLT.

April 6, 2017
TASER International Inc. (TASR) performed a ticker/name change to Axon Enterprise Inc. (AAXN).

Medco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) performed a ticker change to MLCO.

Joy Global Inc. (JOY) was acquired by Komatsu Ltd. Shareholders will receive $28.20 per share.

Metaldyne Performance Group Inc. (MPG) was acquired by American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc (AXL). Shareholders will receive $13.5 per share and 0.5 AXL per 1 MPG previously held.

COPsync Inc (COYN) has delisted.

COPsync Inc Warrants (COYNW) has delisted.

April 5, 2017
The Zweig Fund, Inc. (ZF) performed a name change to Virtus Total Return Fund Inc.

The Corporate Executive Board Company (CEB) was acquired by Gartner Inc. (IT). Shareholders will receive $54/share and 0.2284 IT per CEB previously held.

GigPeak Inc. (GIG) was acquired by Integrated Device Technology Inc. (IDTI). Shareholders will receive $3.08 per share of GIG previously held.

April 4, 2017
Peabody Energy Corporation (BTUUQ) has delisted.

Ultrapetrol (Bahamas) Limited (ULTRQ) performed a ticker change to ULTRF.

AS Athena High Div (DIVI) was liquidated.    April 3, 2017 The Deutsche Bank Rights (DB^) have been delisted. If you own these rights, the hard cutoff date to exercise is April 4th at 5:00pm EST.

Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC) merged with DXC Technology (DXC). Shareholders will receive 1 CSC per 1 DXC previously held.

Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp (NTT) performed a ticker change to NTTYY; It was delisted to OTC.

Heritage Oaks Bancorp (HEOP) was acquired by Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. (PPBI). Shareholders will receive 0.3471 PPBI per 1 HEOP previously held.

Middleburg Financial Corporation (MBRG) was acquired by Access National Corporation (ANCX). Shareholders will receive 1.3314 ANCX per MBRG previously held.

Direxion Daily Pharmaceutical & Medical Bear 2x Shares (PILS) has been liquidated.

Direxion Daily Cyber Security & IT Bear 2x Shares (HAKD) has been liquidated.

The PIMCO Global Advantage Inflation-Linked Bond Active Exchange-Traded Fund (ILB) has been liquidated.

Suffolk Bancorp (SCNB) was acquired by Peoples United Financial, Inc (PBCT). Shareholders will receive 2.2250 PBCT per SCNB previously held.

Centennial Resource Development, Inc. Warrants (CDEVW) has delisted.

VimpelCom Ltd (VIP) performed a ticker change to VEON.

March 31, 2017
Vesting Realty Mortgage II Inc (VTRB) performed a ticker change to VTRBD. It also performed a 1 for 1000 reverse split and delisted.

Mentor Graphics Corp (MENT) was acquired by Siemens AG (SIE). Shareholders will receive $37.25 per share previously held.

VimpelCom Ltd (VIP) performed a ticker change to VEON.

WisdomTree International Hedged Equity Fund (HDWM) has liquidated the fund and will pay shareholders $26.32 per share.

WisdomTree Dreyfus Indian Rupee Fund (ICN) has liquidated the fund and will pay shareholders $22.71 per share.

WisdomTree Korea Hedged Equity Fund (DXKW) has liquidated the fund and will pay shareholders $23.31 per share.

WisdomTree Australia & New Zealand Debt Fund (AUNZ) has liquidated the fund and will pay shareholders $18.22 per share.

WisdomTree Japan Dividend Growth Fund (JDG) has liquidated the fund and will pay shareholders $25.73 per share.

WisdomTree International Hedged SmallCap Dividend Fund (HDLS) has liquidated the fund and will pay shareholders $25.80 per share.

March 30, 2017
Vestin Realty Mortgage II, Inc. (VRTB) performed a 1 for 1000 reverse split, delisted to OTC, and changed its ticker to VRTBD.

March 28, 2017
Hugoton Royalty Trust (HGT) changed its ticker to MICR.

Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc (PLKI) was acquired by Restaurant Brands International (QSR). Shareholders of PLKI will receive $79 per share previously held.

Gafisa SA (GFA) has performed a 0.0742 for 1 reverse split.

Endurance Speciality Holdings Ltd (ENH) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $93 for every share previously held.

March 27, 2017
Harris & Harris Group, Inc. (TINY) performed a ticker change to TURN.

P10 Industries Inc. (PIOI) performed a ticker change to PIOIQ.

CHC Group Ltd (HELIQ) was delisted from the OTC Markets.

Surgical Care Affiliates Inc. (SCAI) was acquired by UnitedHealth Group Inc. (UNH). Shareholders of SCAI will receive $11.40 per share and 0.2692 UNH per SCAI held.

Arrhythmia Research Technology, Inc. (HRT) performed a ticker change to MICR.

March 24, 2017
WisdomTree International Hedged SmallCap Dividend Fund (HDLS) is in the process of liquidating its portfolio and is no longer trading. Shareholders will receive a cash payment per share in an amount to be determined.

Galectin Therapeutics Inc. (GALTW, GALTU) has delisted.

March 23, 2017
Cynosure (CYNO) was acquired by Hologic, Inc (HOLX). Shareholders of CYNO will receive $66/share.

The WisdomTree Australia & New Zealand Debt Fund (AUNZ) is in the process of liquidating its portfolio and is no longer trading. Shareholders will receive a cash payment per share in an amount to be determined.

WisdomTree Korea Hedged Equity Fund (DXKW) is in the process of liquidating its portfolio and is no longer trading. Shareholders will receive a cash payment per share in an amount to be determined.

WisdomTree Indian Rupee Strategy ETF (ICN) is in the process of liquidating its portfolio and is no longer trading. Shareholders will receive a cash payment per share in an amount to be determined.

WisdomTree Japan Quality Dividend Growth Fund (JDG) is in the process of liquidating its portfolio and is no longer trading. Shareholders will receive a cash payment per share in an amount to be determined.

WisdomTree International Hedged Equity Fund (HDWM) is in the process of liquidating its portfolio and is no longer trading. Shareholders will receive a cash payment per share in an amount to be determined.

March 20, 2017
Cleantech Solutions International, Inc (CLNT) performed a 1:4 reverse split.

March 17, 2017
WisdomTree Strong Dollar U.S. Equity Fund (USSD) performed a ticker change to WUSA.

WisdomTree Weak Dollar U.S. Equity Fund (USWD) performed a ticker change to WEXP.

Yadkin Financial Corp (YDKN) was acquired by F.N.B. Corp (FNB). Shareholders of YDKN will receive 2.16 shares of FNB for every share of YDKN they held. Fractional shares will be paid cash-in-lieu.

Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corporation (TNXP) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

March 16, 2017
VelocityShares Daily Long VIX Short-Term ETN (VIIX) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

VelocityShares 3x Inverse Natural Gas ETN (DGAZ) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

VelocityShares Daily 2x VIX Short Term ETN (TVIX) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

Condor Hospitality Trust, Inc. (CDOR) performed a 1 for 6.5 reverse split.

VelocityShares Daily 2x VIX MT ETN (TVIZ) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

Global X MSCI Nigeria ETF (NGE) performed a 1 for 4 reverse split.

March 14, 2017
Trina Solar Limited (TSL) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $11.6 per share.

Harman International Industries Inc (HAR) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $112 per share.

The Royal Bank of Canada S&P 500 Trend Allocator (TALL) has delisted from the exchange and will not trade OTC.

Ignite Restaurant Group (IRG) performed a ticker change to IRGT and delisted to the OTC.

March 13, 2017
Linear Technology (LLTC) was acquired by Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI). Shareholders of LLTC will receive $46 and 0.2321 shares ADI per LLTC previously held.

Yadkin Financial Corp (YDKN) was acquired by F.N.B. Corp (FNB). Shareholders will receive 2.16 FNB per YDKN previously held.

Harman International Industries Inc (HAR) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $112 per share.

Pace Holdings Corp (PACE) has delisted, and is not trading on OTC.

Fibrocell Science Inc (FCSC) has executed a 1 for 3 reverse split. Fractional shares will be rounded up. This stock is tradeable.

March 10, 2017
American Midstream Partners LP (AMID) acquired JP Energy Partners (JPEP). Shareholders will receive 0.5775 shares of AMID per JPEP previously held.

Windstreams Holdings (WIN) acquired EarthLink Holdings (ELNK). Shareholders will receive .818 shares of WIN for every ELNK previously held.

March 8, 2017
hhgregg, Inc. (HGGG) has changed ticker to HGGGQ and delisted to the OTC markets.

JP Energy Partners (JPEP) was acquired by American Midstream Partners LP (AMID). Shareholders will receive 0.5775 shares of AMID for each JPEP previously held.

Arctic Cat Inc (ACAT) was acquired. Shareholders will receive a payout of $18.50 per share.

March 7, 2017
Enbridge Inc (ENB) acquired Spectra Energy Corp (SE). Shareholders of SE will receive .984 shares of ENB for every share previously held.

Windstream Holdings (WIN) acquired EarthLink Holdings Corp. (ELNK). Shareholders will receive 0.818 WIN per ELNK previously held. Fractional shares will be paid cash-in-lieu.

Regency Centers Corp (REG) acquired Equity One Inc (EQY). Shareholders of EQY will receive .45 shares of newly issued Regency common stock. Fractional shares will be paid cash-in-lieu.

March 3, 2017
MannKind Corporation (MNKD) has performed a 1:5 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid as cash-in-lieu.

Stone Energy Corporation (SGY) has emerged from bankruptcy. The corporation has issued new common shares to all previous shareholders: New shareholders will receive 0.176263 shares for every share they previously held. Additionally, new shareholders will receive 0.622009 warrants for every share previously held.

March 2, 2017
Lionbridge Technologies, Inc (LIOX) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $5.75 per share.

WaferGen Bio-systems, Inc. (WGBS) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $7.3471 per share.

Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd (QUNR) was acquired. Shareholders will receive $30.39 per share.

CoLucid Pharmaceuticals Inc (CLCD) was acquired by Eli Lilly and Co. (LLY). Shareholders of CLCD will receive $46.5 for every share previously held.

Enbridge Inc (ENB) acquired Spectra Energy Corp (SE). Shareholders of SE will receive .984 shares of ENB for every SE they held.

RGC Resources Inc (RGCO) performed a 3 for 2 reverse split.

Sysorex Global (SYRX) executed a ticker change to INPX; additionally, it performed a 1 for 15 reverse split.

Bats Global Markets Inc (BATS) was acquired by CBOE Holdings Inc (CBOE). BATS shareholders will receive $10/share and 0.3201 shares of CBOE per every BATS previously held.

Equity One, Inc. (EQY) was acquired by Regency Centers Corporation (REG). Shareholders of EQY will receive 0.45 shares of REG for every share of EQY previously held.

March 1, 2017
Global Net Lease Inc (GNL) performed a 1 for 3 reverse split.

DASAN Zhone Solutions Inc (DZSI) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

Stone Energy Corporation (SGY) completed a Chapter 11 restructuring.

February 28, 2017
Imation Corp (IMN) performed a name change to GlassBridge Enterprises, Inc. (GLA).

Communications Sales & Leasing Inc (CSAL) performed a name change to Unit Corporation (UNIT).

Forex Capital Markets (FXCM) performed a name change to Global Brokerage, Inc. (GLBR).

hhgregg, Inc. (HGG) performed a ticker change to (HGGG).

CLARCOR Inc. (CLC) was acquired by Parker Hannifin Corporation (PH). Shareholders will receive $83 per share.

February 27, 2017
Pareteum Corporation (TEUM) has performed a 1 for 25 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid cash-in-lieu.

TearLab Corporation (TEAR) performed a 1 for 10 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid cash-in-lieu.

Spectra Energy (SE) was acquired by Enbridge (ENB). Shareholders of Spectra will receive $0.9840 ENB per every SE previously held.

Communications Sales & Leasing Inc (CSAL) changed name and ticker to Unit Corporation (UNIT).

Derma Sciences Inc (DSCI) was acquired by Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART). Shareholders of Derma Sciences will receive $7 for every DSCI previously held.

Intersil Corporation (ISIL) was acquired by Renesas Electric Corporation. Shareholders of ISIL will receive $22.50 for every share of Intersil previously held.

Forex Capital Markets (FXCM) changed name and ticker to Global Brokerage, Inc. (GLBR).

February 23, 2017
Rennova Health, Inc (RNVA) performed a 1 for 30 reverse split. Fractional shares resulting from the split will be rounded up.

February 22, 2017
Transgenomic Inc. (TBIO) has delisted.

Imation Corp (IMN) changed its ticker to GLA, and executed a 1 for 10 reverse split.

February 21, 2017
Comcast Corporation (CMCSA) executed a 2 for 1 forward stock split.

February 16, 2017
MoSys Inc. (MOSY) executed a 1 for 10 reverse stock split.

February 14, 2017
Signal Genetics Inc (SGNL) executed a ticker change to MGEN.

British American Tobacco PLC (BTI) has executed a 2 for 1 forward stock split.

February 13, 2017
Vanguard National Resources, LLC (VNR) changed its ticker to VNRSQ and delisted to the OTC market.

February 10, 2017
ReneSola Ltd. (SOL) declared a 1 for 5 reverse split.

Magellan Petroleum Corporation (MPET) changed its ticker to TELL.

Catalyst Biosciences Inc (CBIO) executed a 1:15 reverse split. Fractional shares will be paid cash-in-lieu.

February 7, 2017
FreeSeas, Inc. (FREEF) declared a 0.0002 for 1 reverse split as well as a ticker change to FREED.

February 6, 2017
WisdomTree SmallCap Earnings Fund ETF (EES) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

WisdomTree MidCap Earnings Fund ETF (EZM) performed a 3 for 1 forward split.

Renren Inc (RENN) performed a 1 for 5 reverse split.

Team Health Holdings (TMH) was acquired by Blackstone Group, Inc. (BX). Shareholders will receive $43.5 per share.

February 3, 2017
Farmland Partners, Inc. (FPI) acquired American Farmland Company (AFCO). Shareholders will receive 0.7417 share of FPI per every AFCO share they previously held.

Bioverativ initiated a ticker change from BIVVV to BIVV. Biogen (BIIB) executed a spinoff of Bioverativ (BIVV). Shareholders of BIIB will receive one share of BIVV for every two shares they own.

Emergent Capital, Inc. (EMG) has been delisted and will now trade as (EMGC) in the OTC markets.

February 2, 2017
LogMeIn, Inc (LOGM) acquired GetGo, Inc, a wholly-owned subsidiary company of Citrix Systems, Inc (CTXS). Shareholders of CTXS will receive 0.1718 share of LOGM per every CTXS share they previously held.

Apollo Education Group Inc (APOL) was acquired. Shareholders will receive a $10 per share.     February 1, 2017  Box Ships, Inc. (TEUFF) changed its ticker to TEUFD and initiated a 1:50 reverse split. Fractional shares will be rounded up.

January 31, 2017
Minco Gold Corporation has undergone another ticker change from MGHC to MGHCF.

Varian Medical Systems (VAR) has spun off Varex Imaging Corporation (VREX). Owners of VAR on the January 20, 2017 record date received .4 shares of VREX for every 1 VAR share they owned.

January 30, 2017
Minco Gold Corporation (MGH) has undergone a ticker change to MGHC. It has also been delisted from the NYSE exchange and placed on the OTC market.

Applied Micro Circuits Corporation (AMCC) merged with MACOM Connectivity Solutions, LLC (MTSI). AMCC shareholders will receive $3.25 and .1089 shares of MTSI. Fractional shares will receive cash-in-lieu.

January 23, 2017
DryShips, Inc. (DRYS) performed a 1-for-8 reverse split.

Intrexon Corporation (XON) performed a 0.014968-for-1 spinoff of AquaBounty Technologies, Inc (AQB) common stock.

January 12, 2017
The following reverse splits occurred on January 12:* FINZ: 1 for 2* UCO: 1 for 2* SDOW: 1 for 4* SQQQ: 1 for 4* SRTY: 1 for 4* UVXY: 1 for 5 The following forward splits occurred on January 12:* SCO: 2 for 1* LTL: 2 for 1* UCC: 2 for 1* TQQQ: 2 for 1* FINU: 2 for 1* USD: 2 for 1* KRU: 2 for 1